lodoe-laura-toronto-canada
Short Bio: Lodoe Laura is a photographer living in Toronto. She is enrolled at Ryerson University¡¯s Image Art program, and plans on graduating, eventually.
What is your work about? My work largely revolves around landscape and identity.
jen-ervin-charleston-sc-united-states
Short bio: Visual artist Jen Ervin is currently working with a 1963 Polaroid Land Camera in rural South Carolina. She holds an MFA from Boston University, and a BA from Francis Marion University. Originally a painter, Ervin became interested in photography during her graduate studies while under the tutelage of Alston Purvis (former student of Walker Evans). In 2013, the Rebekah Jacob Gallery selected Ervin as an Emerging Artist of the South. She lives in Charleston with her husband and three daughters.
What is your work about? For the last two years, my family and I have been collectively making small, subtle, and intimate Polaroid prints (3.25¡Á4.25) near our historic cabin set deep in the woods of rural South Carolina. The cabin has been in our family for three generations. Here we explore our southernness, weaving the past into the present to create our own mythology.
ethan-jones-minneapolis-mn-usa
Short bio: Ethan Jones (b. 1985, Washington, D.C.) is a photographer whose work is generally stimulated by exploration and cultural questions. He holds an MFA from Columbia College Chicago and a BFA from Rochester Institute of Technology. Ethan has exhibited across the United States. He is also a previous winner of the Albert P. Weisman Award and received the Union League Civic and Arts Foundation Fellowship in consecutive years. Ethan lives and works in Minneapolis, Minnesota.
What is your work about? These are photographs of summer. I¡¯m particularly exploring how summer is full of dreams and disappointments. The pleasures of summer are reconciled with sun exposure, erosion, and bygone eras. Celebration becomes melancholy as nostalgia grows in winter; summer is never as good as it used to be. The American Summer is still the reward earned for living the American Dream; it is an elaborate fiction that I love believing in.
kimberly-schneider-new-york-ny-united-states
Short bio: Kimberly Schneider is a dedicated fine art photographer, who was born in Chicago and currently resides in New York City. She graduated from Colorado State University in 2002, with a BFA in photography and Minor in philosophy.?Kimberly¡¯s photographs have been exhibited at The Camera Obscura Gallery, Viewpoint Gallery, Scott Nichols Gallery, and Art Intersection, among other galleries; she received an Award of Merit from the International Fine Art Photography Competition in 2012.?
What is your work about? My images are essentially self-portraits. ¡°Point Lobos & Beyond¡± began in 2010, when I photographed in California for the first time. Point Lobos was a place that I deeply connected with, and has been an inspiration ever since. At this point, the images are about exploring Point Lobos, and other areas in California, from the ground on up, and beginning to understand what it is that I have always been looking for.?The images below are part of the first phase of this ongoing body of work.?
jamie-e-murray-newport-uk
Short bio: Jamie E. Murray is a photographer based between South Wales and London. Currently studying Documentary Photography at the University of South Wales, Newport, his work centres on the resonance and relevance of trends and cultures within a modern society. This includes a current long term project he is undertaking that looks into football culture and its associated stories through portraying individual livelihoods affected by the bigger story. An ethic he continues to use in his other work.
What is your work about? This body of work follows a path many adolescents take, finding themselves looking to an outlet to combat the issues in their life. Football and its associated culture have been providing aspirations and inspiration for people since it was established. James is no different to this, dreaming of success in his own playing and for the club he supports.
brittany-roberts-boston-ma-usa
Short bio: Brittany Roberts lives and works in the Boston area. She will graduate with a BFA in Photography from Massachusetts College of Art and Design in May of 2014.
What is your work about? My still lives are about giving in to the impulse to forage and collect. I¡¯m enamored of a camera¡¯s capacity to magnify and render detail. To this end, I make very large pictures of very small things. The objects I photograph are commonplace, even mundane. Garden variety specimens that are alive, or once-living. I work with natural materials because of their inherent imperfections. Everything falls somewhere on a spectrum of transformative processes ¡ª new growth, ripening, and eventually decay.
yael-elban-brooklyn-ny-usa
Short bio: Yael Eban is a Brooklyn-based artist who was born in Israel and raised in Indiana. She has a bachelor¡¯s degree from Indiana University in Art History and is currently pursuing an MFA at the School of Visual Art¡¯s Photography, Video & Related Media program in New York City. Most recently her work was featured in the Fall 2013 issue of The Artist Catalogue, Aint-Bad Magazine, ILOVETHATPHOTO Photography Magazine, and the group exhibition Come Together: Surviving Sandy.
What is your work about? This project brings together imagery from a wide range of deserts, exploring man¡¯s relationship to a landscape that is at once inhospitable and enchanting.
rob-pickard-hillingdon-uk
Short bio: After thanking my Grandad for a Nikon FM, I ought to thank a string of dead end office jobs in persuading me to attempt to make a career out of a passion. I am currently studying a Masters degree in photography and over the last four years have exhibited in numerous group shows around London. The next few years have been devoted to an ongoing project on the diverse and changing landscape of the Grand Union Canal, a project which I hope to promote to a wider audience.
What is your work about? The main focus of my practice is related to compromised and shifting environments, with a view to documenting, preserving and raising awareness of them through the medium. It is about people and place and how they are defined by each other. Inevitably in today¡¯s heavily globalized and industrialized western society, it seeks to comment on the intense strain being placed on people and the landscape in which they reside.
pascal-amoyel-paris-france
Short bio: Pascal Amoyel is conducting a research on photography with different practices that are the many forms of a relationship with images : personal photographic work, curating, writing. His work strives to explore the distance between the neutrality of documentary style photography and the subjective glance specific to the photographic process. His work was recently exhibited in Montr¨¦al-Paris in Loco and featured in Infra-mince and TGV Magazine. He curated Intrusions at Mich¨¨le Chomette gallery.
What is your work about? Shot in France (2013-14) with a field camera 4*5 inches, Western Surveys focuses on places that combine signs of human habitation and vividness of nature. It analyzes how natural characteristics have affected human settlement and, on the other hand, how men altered these sites, leaving marks upon landscape. Gathering these two facets of the relationship between man and its territory, the series aims to capture its impermanent essence and to describe how men try to live in an ever changing space.
clement-verger-paris-france
Short bio: After studying visual arts and communication at the National Superior School of Arts, Olivier de Serres in Paris, Cl¨¦ment was admitted for the Leonardo da Vinci European grant. He graduated with honours from a Master in Photographic Studies at the university of Westminster in 2011. In 2013 he was selected for the New York Times portfolio reviews and accepted for a 6 months residency with the gallery RX in Paris. His work as been exhibited internationally and is represented in private collections.
What is your work about? My work explores and question the landscape, its representation and its perception.
asia-chmielewska-barcelona-spain
Short bio: Asia Chmielewska (b.1978) is a Polish self taught photographer currently living and working between Barcelona and Paris. She was introduced to the world of photography by her father, while she was about seven years old. Although she began to take photography seriously a few years later and practicing extensively since then. She is strongly inspired by understated complexity of our everyday environments.
What is your work about? My work generally documenting shapes, colours, lines, geometry forms and repetition in the urban landscape.
john-hathaway-charleston-sc-united-states
Short bio: John Lusk Hathaway was born in Memphis, Tennessee. He received his MFA from East Tennessee State University in May 2012. He was recently nominated for the 2014 Baum Award, and was the recipient of the Individual Artist Fellowship Grant from the Tennessee Arts Commission the same year. He was a finalist in Review Santa Fe and a semi-finalist in the Duke Honickman First Book Prize in 2012. Hathaway teaches at the College of Charleston in South Carolina.
What is your work about? I have worked extensively in the mountains of Tennessee & the Lowcountry of South Carolina. I am interested in the landscapes and the exchange we have with these rural environmets. The land and inhabitants seem very different and distinct on the surface of the pictures, and they are, but what I find interesting is the longer I photograph each region and move past surface description, the more similar they become in terms of their collective aspirations and interaction with the natural world.
sarah-stonefoot-chittenango-ny-united-states
Short bio: Sarah Stonefoot is an Assistant Professor and Director of the Photography program at Cazenovia College in Cazenovia, NY. She received a BFA from the University of Buffalo and an MFA from Illinois State University. Her work has been shown nationally in both group and show solos at galleries including the Catherine Edelman Gallery, Wakeley Galleries, Silver Eye Center for Photography and the Black Box Gallery.
What is your work about? My work is about the ability to find beauty in death. Working in the space of the home that is rich in both comfort and memory, I work with dead insects by the thousands and construct meticulous patterns or decorative elements. Lampshades and pillows, objects that are meant to provide us with comfort, are now cloaked in death. The insects obtain a poetic vitality through their relationship to the home ¨C one that forces us to question how we relate to the natural world and of what it is capable.
harald-wawrzyniak-graz-austria
Short bio: Harald Wawrzyniak was born 1987 in Carinthia, Austria. He moved in 2012 to Graz and is currently living and working there. Photography was unknowingly there all the time till he discovered his first Dslr in 2009. He studied at the Academy of Applied Photography where he found the Passion for Analogue Photography.
What is your work about? It is mostly about myself, how i see life through the rangefinder. Trying to visualize my emotions and transmit them over everyday objects or places.
olivier-du-tre-cochrane-ab-canada
Short Bio: Olivier Du Tr¨¦ (?1977, Ghent, Belgium) is a fine art photographer based out of Cochrane, Alberta.?Graduated as a graphic designer in 1998, I found my passion after enrolling in a three-year photography program at KISP in Ghent, Belgium. During this time, I immersed myself in film cameras, darkroom printing techniques and black and white photography, all of which continue to play a huge role in my work today.
What is your work about? My Prairie portfolios often question the fragility and instability of our seemingly certain ¨C?man made ¨C world. They challenge the audience to consider multiple perspectives and a careful examination of the unseen. A subtle and at times romantic take on the unnoticed, passed-by or mundane.?My Mountain portfolios on the other hand simply show the quiet beauty of these impressive giants in a very classic, traditional photographic way.
ambre-peyrotty-manosque-france
Short bio: Ambre was born in the centre of France, in Auvergne, but was raised not far from the French Riviera. At 23, she left France and moved to Canada. It was an amazing journey, that permitted her to learn more about her true passion : Photography. When she came back, in 2012, she started using a Rolleiflex, and her life changed. She discovered the world in a new way, and she started taking more personal and artistic pictures. She organized her first solo exhibition in September 2013.
What is your work about? Setting out. Setting out to rediscover one¡¯s traces ¨C to feel alive. My vision of the world is altered as I roam. It becomes a world populated by strange creatures, fantastic lights and decisive moments in which the images come over me in waves, filling my eyes. My photos undoubtedly speak of me ¨C but they speak of others, as well. So it is that in the context of my own wanderings, I immerse myself in the world and record contemporary moments, which then serve as a sort of mouthpiece for society.
sarah-edwards-montreal-canada
Short bio: My name is Sarah and I¡¯m living in Montreal, Canada. I have been fascinated by analog photography since as a child I received my dad¡¯s Canon A-1 after he passed away. At that time I could not keep it but film photography and the whole process involving developing and printing is something that¡¯s very close to me. It is the only way I can express myself in the most honest way possible.
What is your work about? My work is a continuous exploration of self. Mostly black and white and raw untouched reality of life all around me and everything the goes on in my head and how it affects my surroundings.
mark-lanning-sacramento-ca-usa
Short Bio: Based in Sacramento, I work with a variety of film and digital cameras, but my preferred approach by far is to use my view cameras. I have a Master¡¯s in Art from Sac State (2010) and since completing my education I¡¯ve put out three books: River Work, North Dakota: Devils Lake & the Bakken, and Full Auto.
What is your work about? I became very interested in a certain avenue of photography that lends itself to open exploration extremely well, be it on a road trip or a more local shoot. I¡¯m interested in settlement and development, the history of a place and where it thinks it¡¯s going. I love American documentary-style photography and so I am always in conversation with that tradition as well.
matthew-cronin-boston-ma-usa
Short Bio: Matthew Cronin is an artist living in Boston, Massachusetts. ?He received his BFA from Massachusetts College of Art and Design with departmental honors in photography.
What is your work about? I was making these pictures during a time where, for various reasons, I had moved back into my parents home. This was the home that I was raised in and this was the suburban neighborhood that I spent the first part of my life exploring. I took this time to re-explore the neighborhood and examine relationships with my family. For me, there was disconnect between the memories that I had held about this place and the landscape and people around me. These images seek to explore that disconnect.
nicolas-dufour-laperriere-montreal-canada
Short bio: I am a Montreal based documentary photographer and film producer. My work mainly focuses on the exploration of territoriality and our relationship to history. I am particularly interested in that which underlies and gives structure to collectivities, and that which shapes national imagination.
What is your work about? North Atlantic is a project about an ocean, a vessel and those living on it.?Antwerp to Montreal. 5500 kilometers and 28 days of ocean and rivers. A bulk carrier with twenty-one crewmembers and tons of steel and fertilizer in the holds. An historic maritime route, a commercial bridge between the Old and the New World, and now the core of our global economy. North Atlantic takes a look at this universe, at the daily life on board, and at this trade so deeply rooted in our collective imagination.
acacia-johnson-providence-ri-usa
Short Bio: Acacia is a fine-art photographer from Anchorage, Alaska. Her photographic process can be described as expeditionary in nature, exploring her profound connection to the landscapes of the Far North in Alaska, northern Norway, Iceland, and beyond. She now resides in Providence, Rhode Island, pursuing a Bachelor of Fine Arts in photography at Rhode Island School of Design (RISD) while running her photo blog, Onward Forward, and working as a contributing curator and photo editor for FotoVisura.
What is your work about? My work generally deals with the northern landscapes and human connection to a space many would consider inhospitable. These images are from ¡®Polaris,¡¯ an exploration of otherworldly occurrences in the wilderness of the Far North. Traversing remote landscapes in Alaska and Iceland by foot, alone or with my family, I seek moments that seem to fall away from reality around the edges, into another realm.
vici-watkins-london-uk
Short bio: I graduated from Brighton University¡¯s BA (Hons) Photography course in 2013 and am now living and working in London. I specialize in still life photography, focusing on ideas around the relationships we have with each other and ourselves, how we nurture and sometimes neglect those bonds.
What is your work about? The series, Chapter Two, plays with and explores the idea of that in-between space that¡¯s not quite childhood, not quite adulthood. The project is focused on the family dining table, as it¡¯s the epicentre of our personal and social world, where ideas are formed and argued, and lives are celebrated and also mourned.
shawne-brown-nashville-tn-united-states
Short Bio: Shawne Brown was born and raised in Kingsport, TN. He studied photography at East Tennessee State University, earning his MFA in 2008. He lives in Nashville, TN with his wife and son, and is currently working on a long-term photographic project on the city. His work has been exhibited nationally and was recently featured in the Oxford American¡¯s Eyes on the South series.
What is your work about? The private experience of a particular place has been a preoccupation of mine since before I began to photograph. The notion or idea of a place can serve as a resource and/or an envelope for a body of work. I have chosen pictures from two projects that I worked on concurrently for some years ¨C Sensabaugh Hollow and Solomon Valley. Over time I found that these places are as much invention as discovery; a tale I am trying to tell visually in which the viewer is invited to participate.
brett-skarbakka-hanoi-vietnam-2
Short bio: I received my MFA from Hunter College in 2008. Since then I have been living in Hanoi working on long-term fine art and documentary projects.
What is your work about? This body of work is called ¡°The Bombed Scapes¡±. It is an ongoing project documenting the landscape of Laos and North Vietnam, mapping and visiting various regions that were heavily effected by so many decades of conflict.
sebastian-reiser-graz-austria-2
Short Bio: Sebastian Reiser was born in 1986. Lived in Andorf (Upper Austria) and moved to Graz in 2009. In 2007 he acquired his first camera and began to enter the world of photography. As a self-taught photographer he had already published some of his work in several international magazines and books. Sebastian Reiser works almost exclusively with the medium of analog photography.
What is your work about? Me.
simon-martin-sittingbourne-uk
Short Bio: Born in Canterbury in 1991 Simon grew up in his home town, Sittingbourne where he currently resides. Having recently graduated from Middlesex University with a Ba Honors in Photography, whilst here he self published his first book ¡®Mini Golf¡¯. Currently Simon is continuing with personal projects and commissions within the UK and his home town where he hopes to help young creatives find a platform for their work.
What is your work about? My work is heavily based on social documentary, mainly on how we interact with each other and the world around us. Peoples passions interest me and I like to enter into these worlds to document these people doing what they love to do. I admire their dedication to something that someone else may never even of heard of.
ke-peng-providence-ri-usa
Short bio: Living and working in Providence, RI and Shenzhen, China, Ke Peng is an artist originally interested in lens-based media such as photography and video. Recently she has been exploring her artistic practices in a multi-media way including installation and simple programming. She is a BFA candidate in Photography at Rhode Island School of Design.
What is your work about? Born in Hunan, China, I relocated with my families to a rapidly growing city named Shenzhen at the age of two. I started creating my own version of the city, projecting the images in my head back onto this place. By consciously seeking evidences in Hunan that illustrate the loss of my sense of belonging, I use photography as a means of exploring my complex relationship to my place of origin, imagining the connection from my early life that I could never previously preserve.
bex-sullinger-brian-doss-columbia-mo-usa
Short bio: Brian Doss and I have refurbished four Polaroid Land cameras, out of stubborn infatuation. The engineering of these cameras is approachable and ingenious in its kinetic and tangible nature. So much more visceral than a digital tool. These cameras we can pick up and dissect their mechanical organs and feel attachment through this seemingly personal interaction.
What is your work about? These images were conceived and produced entirely and exclusively under our supervision. The shutter falls, the image cooks in our hands, then we hold the only copy. No shipping, no un-permitted gaze, it all happens at our finger tips. The intimate nature of the process and the content create a single unreproducible image, like a love note. The decision to invite an audience to critique these images crosses a boundary of potential total privacy into a public display of uncensored affection.
lili-boxer-boston-ma-usa
Short bio: Lili Boxer is currently a senior studying photographing at Massachusetts College of Art and Design. She was born in Changsha, China and was adopted at age two. She grew up in Carlisle, Massachusetts and currently resides in Boston. This past summer, Lili received the Anderson Ranch Summer Workshop Scholarship where she studied under Jen Davis. Her newest work has been featured in a two-person exhibition at the Godine Gallery in Boston, MA.
What is your work about? At the age of two, I was adopted from Changsha, China. I have chosen to photograph other girls adopted from China in hopes of understanding my own adoption better. The girls I am working with are in high school, which I see as a crucial point where identity begins to really form. Being a child of two cultures is something all people adopted into a family of a different race have in common. It is in this shared experience that I seek comfort and myself in these images.
roei-greenberg-tel-aviv-israel
Short bio: work and live in Tel Aviv, IsraelBorn in 1985 and brought up in a small kibbuts at the north of Israel.?In 2013, graduated ¡°Minshar¡±, art and photography college in Tel aviv.?In 2014, my body of work- ¡°Israeli landscape¡±, won the landscape category at the Sony World Photography Awards 2014.
What is your work about? My work deals with the landscape as a medium. ?This is a journey through the Israeli landscape, examining the relationship between the natural world and the man-made in a land that has been so dramatically changed over the course of history. ?Each image is a singular peak in this journey but as a series forms a unique point of view, a quiet, pictorial look over a land that is constantly in conflict.
adam-stenhouse-vancouver-bc-canada
Short Bio: Adam Stenhouse is a British born, Vancouver based photographer. He completed his Master of Applied Arts (MAA) degree at Emily Carr University in 2012, and had previously earned a BA Honours in Visual Communication at the Glasgow School of Art in 2006. His work is concerned with the effect place has upon an individual and how we as humans are both drawn to places and also deeply affected by the places we inhabit.
What is your work about? My work is about human relationships with the landscape. I am interested in how we create identities through geography and place. By photographing landscapes and places I aim to illicit emotional responses in the viewer whilst also re-presenting my own experiences of being present in specific places. Sometimes the places I photograph are deeply personal, related to memory, others are exploratory as I look for new experiences. My work is both a recollection and an exploration.
chrystal-nause-makanda-il-usa
Short bio: Chrystal Lea Nause grew up in a small farming community outside of Chebanse, Illinois. Her father instilled in her an adventurous spirit and a love for travel. In 1997, she traveled to Tasmania where she began to make photographs and developed a serious case of wanderlust that has yet to be quenched. In 2005, Chrystal received her Bachelor of Arts degrees from SIU (Photography, Criminal Justice). She earned a Master of Arts degree in 2010 from the Department of Anthropology at SIU.
What is your work about? This body of work was created in Italy, while I worked as an archaeologist in rural southern Italy. The work explores landscape, both urban and rural, in an attempt to reflect emotional ¡°places¡± within one¡¯s own self. A photograph can be created here or there, but its true power is its ability to recall memories of elsewhere and to serve as a common language between strangers. These images convey as much information about my own ideas as they do about the spaces and objects within them.
genesis-baez-boston-ma-usa
Short bio: Genesis Baez received her BFA in Photography with honors from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design in 2012. She is currently a youth mentor for the teen new media program Fast Forward at the Institute of Contemporary Art/Boston. Based in Boston, Massachusetts, Genesis travels between New England and Puerto Rico for her ongoing research and photographic project Otra Vida, Otra Vez, work which investigates the longterm implications of neocolonialism and migration.
What is your work about? The photographs in Otra Vida, Otra Vez were made in Puerto Rico, an island that millions of people, including myself, have been forced to leave as a result of widespread economic instability and violence. Despite displacement, I return and photograph obsessively, creating traces that refuse the erasures of history. These images, intimate depictions of myself and people and spaces that I have been forced to leave behind, weave narratives that address displacement, loss, and endurance. 
thomas-bouquin-montreal-canada
Short bio: I¡¯m a French photographer based in Montreal, Quebec. Working within the gap between photographic subjectivity and documentary traditions. I¡¯m interesting by the concept of territorial identities through the interrelationship between man and its habitat, and how elements such as personal memory and historical traces can influence and modify our perceptions of places. My work has been exhibited recently in Montr¨¦al-Paris in Loco (Paris), at the MID (S¨¨te), at the Power Station Gallery (London).
What is your work about? The Lou Mistrau project reflects the sentiment felt and lived by my new immigrant status while revisiting places that are personal in south of France during different trips. It presents the inability to participate fully in the activities taking place before one¡¯s eyes, being at the same time both a spectator and a temporary resident. This series is in the same time a personal journey, and a study of the contemporary and unchanging mediterranean landscape.
susan-barnett-new-york-ny-usa
Short bio: In the Seventies when she was known for silkscreening t-shirts and posters to protest the Vietnam War. After an internship at the Cloisters the MedievaI branch of the Metropolitan Museum of Art she was employed at the Perls Galleries, a prominent gallery on Madison Avenue where she worked for fifteen years as Associate Director. She returned to the School of Visual Arts studying graphic design with Milton Glaser and Paul Davis.?She continues to act as a consultant in the art world today. 
What is your work about? ¡°Not In Your Face¡± is an ongoing typology based on the culture of the t-shirt. I look for individuals who stand out in a crowd by the choice of the message on their back. On the streets these personalities create their own iconography that explore the cultural, political and social issues that have an impact on our everyday lives. Each one of these people reveal a part of themselves that advertises their hopes, ideals, likes, dislikes, political views, and personal mantras.
lucas-olivet-geneva-switzerland
Short bio: Lucas Olivet (1985) Geneva based¡­after Vevey School of Photography, he started a curated project on Contemporary Art. He came back on his medium by giving workshops on analogue photography in a psychiatric institution, art centers and photography festivals. His last work ¡°Wentworth¡± has been shown in Paris, Circulation(s), Festival of the young european Photography and all around Europe (Sweden, Italy, UK etc.). He just received a special prize from Swiss Photo Award.
What is your work about? Photography is a miraculous tool that evaluates the traces behind and speculates on the passage of time.It is a prehistoric desire to blend into the landscape, to yearn for an encounter with something that is not of this world. The fascination for isolation, for extreme conditions of existence are recurrent obsessions that materialize the journey as technical discovery. Slowed time is a link between analogue mediums and narrative reconstructions with methods of manufacturing, like films.
andreanne-michon-san-francisco-ca-usa
Short bio: Andr¨¦anne Michon received a BFA, with distinction, from Concordia University with a major in photography in 2010 and she completed a MFA at the San Francisco Art Institute in 2013. She has participated in numerous solo and group exhibitions. She was awarded by Magenta Foundation to be among the Flash Forward Emerging Photographer of 2012.
What is your work about? Climate change is creating a radical shift in nature¡¯s cycles. I use photography to explore the processes of survival, continuity, and renewal that exist in nature. I am investigating the interstices between the natural and controlled landscapes, and the exchange between life and death.
katie-stretton-nottingham-uk
Short bio: I am currently Editor at ToneLit magazine and regularly write essays and reviews as well as interviews with other photographers.?I gained my MA in Photographic Studies at The University of Westminster and my BA at Nottingham Trent University where I now work part time as a lecturer.
What is your work about? I am interested in how we engage with the world around us, how we consider ourselves in relation to the world around us and how we think about and engage with the photograph as both an object and process. What we understand about these various relationships interests me because they are constantly shifting and being questioned with changes in technology and outlooks.
stijn-van-der-linden-antwerp-belgium
Short bio: I¡¯m a remote sensing engineer currently studying photography at SLAC, Leuven, Belgium. My work have been featured in Unless You Will , f-stop magazine and recently in a Tough Turf Group Exhibition (39 p2/2) of the Humble Arts Foundation.
What is your work about? Inspired by the blurring of people in Google Street View, in ÈË (the Japanese symbol that describes the word ¡®people¡¯), I have taken street photographs of random people and blurred their image in post-processing. Blurring people does not make the photograph loose meaning, the people keep being recognizable as people. I transcend the purely functional way of blurring used in street view images for privacy reasons and change it into something more interesting and appealing.
jarod-lew-beverly-hills-mi-usa
Short Bio: Born in Detroit in 1987, I started photographing shortly after graduating Michigan State University in 2009. While I initially did most of my work in the studio, I felt that a change was necessary. In 2011, I started making photographs that dealt with isolation and loneliness. In 2012 I was inspired by human interaction and the human condition. I began approaching complete strangers and capturing photos of them in their own home. It is currently an ongoing project.
What is your work about? The work explores how different perspectives exist in everyday life. From spending intimate moments with strangers to observing the isolation within ones day to day, there is an underlying fascination with emptiness. In expiring this emptiness the work captures the truth in empty buildings shrouded in shadows until sunrise, the population of youth who are struggling to find their place in the world, and those lost souls in between. There is a need for absolute understanding.
jeff-merlet-santa-cruz-ca-united-states
Short bio: Jeff Merlet, Ph.D. in Computer Science, is of French descent, born and raised in Morocco, who is a happy husband and father enjoying his life in Santa Cruz, California, playing in the ocean. His personal interests include spending quality time with his family and wave riding.
What is your work about? Favoring simple over complicated has always been one of my core motivations when creating things including photographs. Simplicity is for me about reducing the noise, creating intimacy, reaching to the viewer¡¯s own feeling and interpretation. I like to take my time and immerse myself into the surroundings, and take one photograph at a time.?My main focus is on the ocean riders scene, where I am trying to capture the connection between man and the ocean, and the life around the ocean.
alexander-missen-london-uk
Short bio: I am a photographer and currently live and works in London, UK where my work has been exhibited in a number of group shows. I graduated with a First Class Honours degree in photography from Middlesex University in 2012 and am currently pursuing my Masters also at Middlesex.
What is your work about? My most recent work, Q&A explores the nature of the American aesthetic as seen by an outsider. The series seeks to explore the tropes and motifs of American culture with the aim of provoking the viewer into a sense of familiarity about places or even an entire country that they may not have visited.
matthieu-litt-liege-belgium
Short bio: I¡¯m a photographer from Belgium living in Li¨¨ge. I¡¯ve been studying photography and graphic design in Institut Sup¨¦rieur des Arts St Luc, Li¨¨ge. I mainly work on personal projects, abroad or in Belgium.
What is your work about? My series often deal with distance, the way I perceive it and the way to let the viewer imagine a story behind it, in turning simple realities in what can appear as fiction. I tend to blur the boundaries between an image taken in my close surroundings and another from far abroad.
chelsea-welsh-cambridge-ma-usa
Short Bio: Chelsea is a photographer from Walbridge, Ohio. She received her MFA from Massachusetts College of Art and Design in 2013, and a BFA from Bowling Green State University in 2009. Currently, she lives and works in Cambridge, MA as the Residence Director of a transitional group home for adults with mental illness.
What is your work about? The work submitted is from the series ¡°My Arboretum,¡± which is meant to evoke a psychology and character of place through a very personal and subjective experience. I wander through this strange and unsettling landscape created by man and intended for research, yet am drawn to the mystery and anthropomorphism that has lead me on this curious and lyrical journey.
neil-massey-saigon-vietnam
Short Bio: I am a British documentary photographer currently based in Saigon, Vietnam. Before moving here 4 years ago, i worked as as an editorial photographer in London for 14 years. Whilst living in Vietnam i have been interested in documenting the changing face of a rapidly developing country and its effect on the Vietnamese people. I am primarily interested in the human spirit.
What is your work about? Vietnam has one of the world¡¯s fastest growing economies. 60% of the population is under 30, most living with their parents until marriage. Pressure to conform comes from all sides: The Communist Government, state run media and the family unit itself. For a small minority, the underground metal scene provides a means of escape. The sheer force of this music creates the backdrop where these teenagers meet to express themselves. These impromptu DIY gatherings form the basis of my project.
adam-williams-elizabeth-co-usa
Short bio: I am a black and white fine art photographer. I have always been interested in photography and was usually relegated to the ¡°family photographer¡± position. A few years ago I committed to my passion. Leaving behind the state I was raised in, the job I put up with and lot¡¯s of family and friends. My family and I moved to Colorado and I enrolled in the Art Institute of Colorado. I have been on my biggest adventure yet ever since then.
What is your work about? My work is uncomplicated. It¡¯s about curiosity, observation and introspection. My vision is that my work honor¡¯s the simple, commonplace and sometimes unnoticed. Overlooked landscapes, unique structures and simple objects are the focus of my work.
robert-wooley-atlanta-ga-usa
Short bio: I am a recent graduate of the photography program at The Creative Circus in Atlanta. Prior to going back to school, I had more than a decade of professional experience ranging from design and art direction in new media, to writing, shooting and directing for broadcast television and the web. ?My career has taken me from Los Angeles to Boulder, from Las Vegas to Atlanta.? Now, I am focusing my complete attention on fine-art and portrait photography.
What is your work about? My work is constantly evolving but for the most part, it references classical themes in portraiture and beauty. In my color work, I draw a lot of inspiration from painters. Matisse, in particular, has shaped my love of color, pattern, texture, and the female form. In my black and white work, I have been heavily influenced by the cinema, the French New Wave, and the Italian cinema of the 1960¡¯s.
john-brooks-bristol-uk-2
Short bio: Born in the UK he was educated in Bath and majored in Art and Art history and History of Building. At 21 he acquired his first Rolleiflex 6 x 6 film camera and never looked back. ?He has had numerous exhibitions, both solo and joint and has been exhibited by invitation in the UK and USA. Brooks holds 8 International Awards for his work in the last three years.?His printmaking ranges from large photomontages of altered landscapes to abstract creations from his own sources.
What is your work about? Many of my landscapes are studies of the scale and depth of the view before me. These focus upon creating the impression of distance between a near object and the horizon without inclining the camera towards the ground with a wide angle lens as is often seen. Using a normal lens with a large depth of field the image captures the large spatiality of what is before me and draws the attention of the observer to the shape, colour and texture of the subject.
charles-bouchaib-tours-france
Short bio: Initially, it is the journey or the loitering that allows me to enjoy a form of naivety. This enables me to capture a distinct reality, to increase acuteness of eye. I use this form of state-perception as soon as I take pictures. This is an intuitive process where I aim to capture an attractive and aesthetic emotion. It can be handsome, weird or astounding.
What is your work about? My project is built around a dialectic between the rational and the sensitive. Raw nature inspires me. Without trying to celebrate it, I want to make pictures where it appears beautiful or threatening. Mutations in small and large scales generated by globalization and standardization interest me because they go beyond us, but concern us. Without addressing them directly, these issues fuel my reflections. Sometimes, this leads me to try to identify the symbols of a crippled urbanism.
samantha-sealy-norwich-ct-usa
Short bio: Born in 1991. I received my Bachelor of Fine Arts in Photography from the University of Connecticut in May 2014. Currently living, working and dreaming in Connecticut until I feel I¡¯m needed elsewhere.
What is your work about? Technology has never moved fast enough for me. There are planets, stars, entire systems that I will never see. I am physically bound to this world alone. I¡¯ve waited my whole life to see something more than this but the years have gone by too quickly and the progress has been too slow. These pieces are a combination of my imagination and \truths in this reality. I have created a world of my own filled with my favorite things from this one.
william-lakin-shefford-uk
Short bio: I am a photographer and recent graduate of Middlesex university, London, currently based in Brighton UK. I work mainly on self led projects and occasionally shoot editorial and commercial assignments. I have been very fortunate since leaving university; winning some awards and having work exhibited in London, Paris and Switzerland and having work published in The British Journal of Photography, Dazed and Confused and Hunger Magazine.
What is your work about? My work revolves around people and places, the project I am submitting is titled Florida Club.?Florida Club is an exploration of the town of Great Yarmouth and the surrounding area on the east coast of England. In the cold winter months the streets are sparsely populated; the wind rolling in off the North Sea makes for a surreal atmosphere and interactions are both fleeting and rare. The work seeks to provoke questions about the residents and their relationship with their surroundings.
jillian-freyer-boston-ma-usa
Short Bio: Jillian Freyer (b. 1989, CT United States) is a large format photographer currently living in Boston, Massachusetts. This past summer Jillian attended the Yale Summer School of Music and Art after receiving the Ellen Battell Stoeckel Fellowship and just recently received the Stephen D. Paine Scholarship for her body of work, ¡°The Four¡±. Jillian is completeing her final year studying at Massachusetts College of Art and Design in Boston and will receive a BFA in Photography Spring 2014.
What is your work about? I fear I¡¯d forget the heat of summer if it never arrived or the smell of pine needles a month into autumn, phenomena we barely notice until they pass by or are somehow unattainable. Our environments and the people that surround us are constantly changing. As in the moments following waking from a sleep, sometimes we are able to recall and make note of them, others are forgotten.
marinos-tsagkarakis-thessaloniki-greece
Short bio: Marinos started dealing with photography approximately 10 years ago. He has studied contemporary photography at STEREOSIS Photography School in Thessaloniki, Greece. In 2013 he obtained the winning award in 7th Photoday Contest among 192 professional and amateur photographers. Also, he has participated in team-exhibitions and in several Photographic Workshops of renowned photographers. He used to shoot with 35mm format but finally he has turned to medium format 6¡Á6.
What is your work about? The main body of my work is focused on Urban and Industrial Landscapes. These images are part of a photographic project called ¡°SKG¡±. This project deals with the transformation of the city of Thessaloniki (located in Northern Greece) from a bright, extrovert and vibrant city, into a place which is dominated by aesthetic and social decline. It is a record of the existing urban and suburban landscape, with sceneries which are placed at key points of the city. This work is still in progress.
anna-eroshenko-allston-ma-usa
Short bio: Anna Eroshenko was born in Khabarovsk, Russia in 1984. She had studied Architecture and design before she became a professional photographer. She graduated the Pacific State University in 2008 and received a diploma in the Design of Architectural Environment. She is currently a student of The Art Institute of Boston in the MFA in Photography program.
What is your work about? Today, many of us feel disconnected within ourselves, from others, separated from the landscapes with which we share the deepest of connections. As global citizens we uproot and replant and a contemporary sense of homesickness is palpable. Within my project I am searching for a sense of place, a settlement, a spot to call my own. Meditations of home seem to drive my practice. I continue to search for a place of comfort, both within myself and in the place I call home.
julianne-nash-brooklyn-ny-usa
Short bio: Julianne Nash is a photographer born and raised in rural Massachusetts. Julianne recently graduated with departmental honors from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design with a Bachelors of Fine Arts in Photography. Her work has recently been exhibited in The Magenta Foundation¡¯s Flash Forward Festival, The Photographic Resource Center, and Robert Klein Gallery. Julianne is now living and working in New York City. She is currently the assistant to Angela Strassheim and W.M. Hunt.
What is your work about? ¡°Unseeing¡± is an immensely personal project, that documents my grandmother¡¯s waning vision. Many of the photographs exist purely as a document of her changes, from the perspective of a caregiver. In others, I attempt to understand her nebulous world by physically degrading my favorite negatives, in order to rid myself of my sight. I hope to pay homage to my grandmother¡¯s condition, while also reminding the viewer just how fragile we all are, and to appreciate the physical world while we can.
lisa-de-boeck-marilene-coolens-brussels-belgium
Short Bio: Memymom is a collaboration between two artists, a mother (Maril¨¨ne Coolens ,1953) and her daughter (Lisa De Boeck,1985). ¡¯The cross-generational project began with The Umbilical Vein¡¯. They are referring to their analogue image archive made from 1990 till 2003 of Maril¨¨ne encouraging Lisa to express herself and to invent her own improvised theatre sketches. The mother-daughter relationship means they can often work in a highly intuitive manner that allows the results to emerge naturally.
What is your work about? The Umbilical Vein deals with identity, metamorphosis and familial relationships. The photos lay down a challenge and have an alienating quality. Are they a reflection of current developments, or an innocent mother-daughter ritual? The imaginative characters emerged from the artists¡¯ experience. They chose to show the last phase of this archive taken between 2000 and 2003, where adulthood and its associated awareness is nearing and thus the camera¡¯s presence becomes much more tangible.
barbara-diener-chicago-il-united-states
Short bio: Barbara Diener was born in 1982 in Germany and received her BFA in photography from the California College of the Arts and MFA in photography from Columbia College Chicago.?Her work has been exhibited at the Griffin Museum of Photography, Winchester, MA, Living Room Gallery, Chicago, IL, amongst others and Diener is one of the Flash Forward 2013 winners. She is currently working as the Photography Collection Assistant at the Art Institute Chicago.
What is your work about? Sehnsucht?It is hard to define the abstract feeling of comfort one equates with home. Initially motivated by a longing for this feeling, I made these photographs in small towns and rural communities in the United States and Europe that are demographically similar to the town in Germany where I grew up. The people in my photographs exist in their own world and this spatial and emotional distance functions as a reminder that these places remain intangible just as the comfort I am searching for.
nicolas-poizot-villelongue-de-la-salanque-france
Short Bio: French photographer, Nicolas Poizot¡¯ s discovery of instant films greatly influences the creative direction of his work.
What is your work about? Wanting to go soul searching, I began every morning by greeting the dawn. The photography resonates with my quest for rebirth.
jordi-huisman-amsterdam-the-netherlands
Short bio: I¡¯m a documentary, editorial and commercial photographer from Amsterdam, The Netherlands. I was born in 1982 and moved to Amsterdam in 2005. I studied documentary photography at the Royal Academy of Visual Arts in The Hague, and been working as a freelance photographer since 2005.
What is your work about? My work is about the relation people have with nature and their environment. This series is called Outline. In the 1950¡¯s and 60¡¯s an area that is now known as Flevoland was reclaimed from the IJsselmeer. A large dyke surrounds the land, which lies fives meters below water level. The dyke forms an elevated outline, protecting the land from flooding.This series hows how life, infrastructure and nature got implemented after this part of the former Zuiderzee was reclaimed and land was created.
katharina-buhler-hamburg-germany
Short bio: Katharina B¨¹hler is born 1985 in Starnberg, Germany. Since 2010 student of photography at HAW Hamburg Design, in Prof. Ute Mahler and Prof. Vincent Kohlbecher classes. She lives and works in Hamburg, Germany as well.
What is your work about? I¡¯m interested in telling stories and/or transporting atmosphere. Initial points are always topics I¡¯m curious about or interested in. My works mainly focus on themes of identity, gender and memory. The series boxers* is an examination of female and transgender boxers. I aim to show diversity and individuality in order to subtend and question this bastion of manhood but more important ¨C to challenge gender construction and gender roles in sports and in general.
boris-scherbakov-canyon-ca-usa
Short bio: Boris Scherbakov is a photographer and printmaker based in the San Francisco Bay Area. He has practiced film photography extensively since an early age, and is currently exploring using photography in traditional print processes, specifically photogravure. His work has been exhibited in California, New York, and Minnesota. Boris lives in Canyon, CA, and works and prints at Kala Art Institute in Berkeley, CA.
What is your work about? The primary impetus behind my work is the active consideration of my connection to the landscape that I inhabit. I consider my process a quietly radical act against the increasingly ubiquitous capitulation to secondary experience, as exemplified by academic and consumerist attitudes that typify modern values. By eschewing literal and symbolic confines, my images explore the direct impression of a formless reality that we sense on a visceral level, always holding as truth pure experience.
matteo-varsi-levanto-italy
Short bio: Born in Levanto (Italy) in 1970. After graduating in Modern Foreign Literatures in 2003, he won a?scholarship to go to ¡®IIF¡¯ (Italian Institute of Photography in Milan)?where he graduated the following year.?Numerous personal and collective participation in events such as the Festival of Photography in Rome and the Photo Festival in Milan.?Expired material and pinhole camera are the subjects of his ultimate investigations.
What is your work about? The series presented here is called CALL OF ATLANTIS . Atlantis is a non-space , a legendary place where everything is harmony and everyone is in harmony with nature. Man could have a spiritual re-birth in Atlantis because water is the big Mother, the source of everything. I took these pictures with an expired polaroid film (665) and a cardboard box pinhole, no mechanisms and no lenses right to feel myself in contact with?that lost world.
gerrit-hahn-berlin-germany-2
Short bio: Living in Johannesburg and Berlin at the moment, I am mainly working on documentary photography and film projects. I am a self ¨C taught photographer and have been working as a freelancer in advertising and editorial photography for about 10 years now. I was born 1979 in a small town in Germany and started to develop my creative work as a teenager. Photography is a great tool for me to communicate with the people that I meet and portrait.
What is your work about? This series of blurred portraits is a part of a documentary work about sexual violence in South Africa. They have been taken in 2013 in Johannesburg and show perpetrators of domestic and / or sexual violence. For different aspects I have chosen to use blurred pictures as a stylistic device. One is that I wanted this work to be not judgmental. They also reflect the blurred pictures that many men in South Africa carry of themselves and of their gender roles.
valentina-di-berardino-bologna-italy
Short bio: My name is Valentina Di Berardino, graduated in journalism, in 2008 I won the first prize of an Italian National photographic contest.?I took part of many Solo and group exhibition. In 2011 thanks to a collective project i worked on a project about Finnish Lapland with?an exhibition at Maaret Finnberg Gallery of Turku, Finland.
What is your work about? Savage is a work about people that decided to leave the city for the wood. Trying to discover their real nature.
juliet-piper-crewkerne-uk
Short bio: Born and raised in Switzerland to English parents, I moved to Paris to pursue my photographic studies.?I have been involved in art project for the past 15 years, endorsing a large number of very diverse roles, from photographer to producer, curator, project coordinator and so on. In the past two years I have turned my attention back onto my personal work, exhibiting my latest body of work several times in Switzerland.?I currently live and work in the UK.
What is your work about? ¡°Hydrometeors¡± is about time and serenity. If you look at the images too fast, you¡¯ll see nothing. It¡¯s about space and time.¡°Erosion¡± speaks for itself.?¡°In a dream I was¡± manipulation is at film level, damaging the film during or after shooting it. It¡¯s me trying to photograph the remains of my dreams.?I photograph to create emotion, personal to each individual, why I took the images doesn¡¯t and shouldn¡¯t matter, the emotion does.
rachel-jump-providence-ri-usa
Short Bio: Rachel Jump is an art photographer from Concord, Massachusetts, and is currently attending the Rhode Island School of Design (BFA ¡¯14). Her black and white images explore themes of absence and loss in the wake of her family¡¯s recent separation from her childhood home. Through her practice, she finds solace within the forested New England landscape and the people who inhabit it.
What is your work about? Last year my family moved away from my childhood home in Concord, Massachusetts. In my youth, I wandered endlessly within the forests that surrounded this place, its paths meandering through my soul like the blood in my veins. My memories of them were buried here- deep within the sacred grounds of Concord. I kept returning to this space, scouring its forested paths, searching for their spirits lost within the woods. These images are relics of loss, traces of a family I try to piece together.
nicolas-boria-chiasso-switzerland
Short Bio: I am a French art photographer born in 1984 in the suburbs of Lyon. In 2009, I was initiated to the mysteries of the analog photographic process, which immediately became a compelling passion, and what seems an endless field of exploration. Spending time working in the darkroom is now a pleasure as much as a need. My great passion for film photography takes me always further into experimental and alternative processes.
What is your work about? The nimbus series is a perfect example of my taste for exploring the possibilities of the printing process by bending its rules. This collection of partially solarized sponge prints can be seen as a series of essential symbols, a set of totems of some modern and unknown mythology, the pantheon of some imaginary religion.
stephen-connell-sheffield-uk
Short bio: I first began photography eleven years ago, studying a Contemporary Lens Media BA in the UK. I became aware of the durability of film during my final year, wanting to capture the light pollution ever present within our night skies. I had already moved away from the studio, and now concentrated with playing with light and the film itself, and tungsten film for interiors with mixed lighting sources.?I have exhibited throughout the UK, and have featured in photographic journals, books¡­
What is your work about? These images are a new series exploring the final years of the coal trade within the UK. Power stations, especially fossil fueled are gradually being decommissioned, changing not only our energy supply but also our landscapes.?I began photographing power stations at night in 2005, as part of my ¡®wasted light¡¯ series. Last year I visited Kellingley colliery in North Yorkshire, one of two remaining deep pit coal mines left within the UK, having restricted but guided access to the ground surface.
nicole-schwartz-medford-nj-usa-2
Short bio: My name is Nicole Renee Schwartz. I am a female photographer from New Jersey who is currently studying photography at Drexel University in Philadelphia, PA. In June, I will graduate Drexel with a Bachelor of Science in Photography with minors in art history and entrepreneurship. I am passionate about continuing my studies and plan on attending graduate school to receive my MFA in photography.
What is your work about? My work reflects my interest in telling stories about human relationships. This work is part of my senior thesis which is a personal narrative about my coming of age. I focus around the people I am close to in my life; reminiscing on the past and realizing that change and growth is occurring all around me. The viewer is drawn into realistic textures, dreamlike states, and feelings of nostalgia. I strive to communicate vulnerability, isolation, and transcendence of feeling through my imagery.
khalik-allah-new-york-ny-united-states
Short bio: Born in 1985, Khalik Allah is a multi-faceted director, film-maker and photographer whose street photography is visual story telling at its grittiest. Shot in vibrant color film with an aged, grainy quality, Khalik¡¯s cinematic vignettes document hardscrabble life at the corner of 125th Street and Lexington Avenue in Harlem (New York City).?His vision is like no other, with the bulk of his photographs captured in utter darkness, without a flash, relying solely on available light from neon signs.
What is ?your work about? I only shoot at night. I want to remind people that we¡¯re in outer space.
tereza-kourra-thessaloniki-greece
Short bio: I was born in 1991 and grew up in Nicosia, Cyprus. I¡¯m currently studying architecture at Aristotle university of Thessaloniki.
What is your work about? The detection of ¡°blemished presences¡± by unmasking myself through the people surrounding me.
michael-dietrich-vienna-austria
Short bio: Michael is a self taught photographer born (1985), living and working in Vienna, Austria.?His work reflects colored light sources, shadows, shapes, lines, architecture, all from public space and urban infrastructure.?It is a walk across cities searching for geometric, structures and composition.?Abandoned places or overlooked venues by citizens get focused and captured. His work got featured by Independent Art zines and Companies.
What is your work about? My submitted work is called ¡°Landleben auf Sylt¡±. I photographed the abandoned infrastructure of the idyllic environment. Most of the places i drove by with my medium format camera looked silent and sometimes it¡¯s so quiet, it is as if the island itself is asleep.?The LORAN-C antenna had a stunning moment for myself. It is used for communication and navigation purposes in aviation. Its the only station located in Germany.
masha-svyatogor-minsk-belarus
Short bio: Born in 1989 in Minsk, Belarus.Graduated Belarusian State University in 2013.Live and work in Minsk.
What is your work about? My work about loneliness and lostness.
paul-oleary-leicester-uk
Short bio: As a documentary photographer I attempt to record the time in which we live, to record the lives of others and in an indirect way chart my own time on this planet. I¡¯ve exhibited throughout Europe but more recently my work was chosen for the UK¡¯s Cultural Olympiad celebrations, culminating in a National Screening Programme with the BBC, the International Festival of Photography, Sao Paulo, Brazil, Les Boutographies, Montpellier, France and The New York Photo Festival.
What is your work about? The photographs on display are taken from a series of 700 images shot in various locations throughout Leicester, the second largest multicultural city in the UK. The city and the wealth of characters that live there are often ignored. Shot against a white backdrop, eliminating any reference to the sitter¡¯s environment. The uniformed and systematic approach of these portraits invites us to compare and contrast the subjects, to see if any distinctive eccentricities surface.
ruth-connolly-london-uk
Short bio: I am a visual artist and photographer from the West of Ireland. I graduated from LSAD, Ireland with First Class Honors in BA Fine Art Printmaking. I am currently finishing my Masters in Photography at Central Saint Martins, London. My ongoing practice explores themes of domesticity, nostalgia, memory and the photograph as a form of hallucination. I am interested in photography¡¯s attempts to grasp at the real.
What is your work about? This work questions the function and existence of Ireland¡¯s ghost estates as non-places. Lingering since the economic crash of 2008, these sites of abandoned domestic aspirations exist between loss and expectancy, in a time out of joint. What function has a house, built but never occupied?
celine-ribordy-sion-switzerland-2
Short bio: C¨¦line Ribordy grew up in a small village in the Swiss Alps. She received a Bachelor in Photography from Icart Photo in Paris in 2008. She works currently as a freelancer in Sion (Switzerland). Shortlisted for FotoFilmic¡¯13.
What is your work about? This projet is about the idea of death and the concept of useless/useful. The trees I photographed became useless, so people decide to eliminate them. People love their Christmas tree. It is a part of the family, it is the center of the party. But the next day, they throw them in the garbage. In the forest, some trees marked with paint wait for the woodcutter to come.?A sort of death sentence.
james-reeder-brooklyn-ny-usa-2
Short bio: James Reeder lives and works in Brooklyn, NY. He has been included in dozens of exhibitions in New York and beyond including Storefront Gallery, Brooklyn; NURTUREArt, Brooklyn; Airplane Gallery, Tokyo and Brooklyn, Projective City in Paris, France; Mixed Greens and Lesley Heller Workspace in New York, NY. He also runs an exhibition space in Brooklyn devoted to analog processes.
What is your work about? I build and photograph fictional places using drawings as starting point and object in the image, combined with found elements. The locations are informed by the constant stream of image-rich social media of now and that first wave of social media from a century ago, the postcard and are records of a substitution of anticipation for experience. This body of work collects the elements and artifacts from the fictional locations and presents them using tropes of display and archive.
stephen-segasby-kings-lynn-uk
Short Bio: As predominantly a Landscape photographer I seek to engage in the changing face of the planet in many forms, the man altered landscape intrigues me as we enter a period of massive social change and migration. I seek to find answers to questions about the future looking deeper, beyond the aesthetic, the historic or the present to ask questions about future landscapes and how they will change post increasing globalisation and technological revolution.
What is your work about? The images submitted are part of a larger body of new work around an area of rural England known as the Fens. Drained since Roman times and improved and expanded many times since, this most fertile agricultural area has predominantly been an area of prosperity and wealth. As technology and global imports increase production efficiencies rural communities dwindle and disappear, an air of abandonment, loneliness and fatigue remains.
allison-barnes-chicago-il-usa
Short Bio: Allison¡¯s large format work has been the feature of publications such as Aint-Bad Magazine, American Oxford, Der Greif, and Lenscratch. Barnes has exhibited in solo* and group shows, including Autobiogeography*, Neither For Me Honey Nor the Honey Bee*, and Personal Portraits, curated by the National Portrait Gallery. She was chosen as one of 30 Under 30 Women Photographers 2012 by Photo Boite, and received honorable mention in Flash Forward Emerging Photographers 2013 by the Magenta Foundation.
What is your work about? Blending autobiography and an extended narrative on landscape, time, and place, my work offers an intertextual examination of geography and personal experience. Photographing with an 8¡Á10 view camera, I explore themes of history as provoked by an object or place. My practice is peripatetic, using photography as a means of getting somewhere and to simultaneously be; it is a form of activity that mediates my experience of place as I conjure up moments of seeing and recollection.
melissa-stallard-akron-oh-usa
Short bio: Melissa Stallard is an Assistant Professor of photography at the University of Akron, Myers School of Art. Her work has been exhibited internationally including solo exhibitions at Northeastern Illinois University in Chicago, Illinois and Judson University in Elgin, Illinois, and as part of the Comp¨¦ 13: International Photography Exhibition at Project Basho in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She has been part of The Catherine Edelman Gallery¡¯s Chicago Project since 2006. 
What is your work about? My interest lies in the American cultural landscape ¨C as it is reflective of the economic, social, and political attitudes of its occupants.
marc-newton-savannah-ga-usa
Short bio: I am originally from Long Island, NY and I left for school when I was 17. I earned a BA with an emphasis in art history and photography from Brevard College (NC). I also studied photography and anthropology briefly at Griffith University in Brisbane Australia. I have spent several years in Western North Carolina in which I call home. Currently I live in Savannah Georgia where I peruse an MFA at the Savannah College of art and Design. I also work full time as a staff photographer for SCAD.
What is your work about? I focus on ideas of human aesthetic in relation to the non human world. The work I am submitting is my thesis project. ¡®Constructed Paradise¡¯ explores and confronts the natural landscape in relation to human culture. In this series I employ mannequins as a surrogate for mankind. Like the myth of a purely pristine landscape, mannequins represent unattainable physical perfection in an unblemished human form. Embedded in both the mannequin and the wilderness,is the illusion of purity and perfection.
andreas-olesen-copenhagen-denmark
Short bio: I was born in San Francisco in 1981 to a Dane and an American and have in between two homes since. I enjoy this division in my life, and paradoxically, it helps make me feel whole. I currently live in Copenhagen, Denmark.
What is your work about? My work is based on an interest in humans and their interactions. I want to investigate the constant transformation of the human space, change over time, and the public/private divide. In short, people and their environment. Through various photographic methods, each adapted for the specific project, I am trying to make works which take on a life of their own.
chun-hei-che-hong-kong
Short bio: I am a 24-year-old university student at the School of Creative Media of the City University of Hong Kong, specifying on cinematic art. I have started film photography for half a year.
What is your work about? My work is both about landscape and street photography and about my city, Hong Kong. In fact, I like to incorporate the element of human being in my works of street photography, even though there is no human in the frame .
todd-johnson-melbourne-australia
Short bio: Todd?Johnson is a Melbourne based artist and educator currently undertaking a practice as research based PhD at Deakin University. His work spans across multiple disciplines, including experimental film, photography and installation art. His current research thesis is entitled ¡®Evidence: The Archaeology of Urban Spaces¡¯.?Todd?currently lectures at Deakin University and Australian Catholic University in the department of Photography and Digital Media.
What is your work about? On a technical level, I have taken various materials, objects and live creatures from Melbourne¡¯s suburban streets and placed them inside my camera. Shards of glass, a discarded ribbon, plastic wrappers, tree sap, a slug; some of these objects have landed on top of the photographic emulsion, leaving their trace as a direct photogram. What results is a highly unpredictable visual arrangement that sits somewhere between intention and chance.
erin-hurst-mexico-city-mexico
Short bio: Erin Hurst is a Canadian-American artist and photographer, born in Chicago, Illinois. Her Canadian family moved back to the Greater Toronto Area, in Canada where she spent most of her childhood. Upon her high school years her and her parents transferred to Mexico City, until studying (a film dominated) photography program at Emily Carr University, in Vancouver, British Columbia. Currently she resides in Mexico City, DF, where she works and lives through her art and teaching kindergarten.
What is your work about? The Circo Atayde works are a specific exemplification of the spectacle and its contemporary practice in our modern age. Photographed on an early morning in Puerto Vallarta, Mexico, the circus is seen bare of a hyper-lived space that it inhabited the night before. A dying industry some would say, as these spaces are not what they once were; for who needs to pay to see a group or trained tigers when we have such accessibility as YouTube. The warmth of dawn cannot mask the cold of these places.
dai-davies-morris-montreal-canada
Short bio: Dai Davies Morris was born in Ottawa, Ontario. In 2007, Morris received a Bachelor of Fine Arts in Art History from Concordia University. He then received his second Bachelor¡¯s of Fine Arts in Photography from the same university in 2012. His work has been shown in group, web and solo shows and is in private collections. He is also a published author and has written an article on the painter John Currin for the Concordia Undergraduate Journal of Art History. Davies Morris currently resides in Montreal. 
What is your work about? My work focuses on the intimate moments found in daily life. I explore an un-romanticized portrayal of a life consisting of chronic pain, prescription drug use, drunkenness and love. I have captured moments that could have only been discovered because of the relationship I hold with everyone I photograph. Through this series I explore the monotony and doldrums that is everyday existence and a melancholy that may have otherwise gone unnoticed.
ignacio-evangelista-madrid-spain
Short bio: I was born in Valencia (Spain).I live and work in Madrid. Bachelor Degree in Psychology.?I have artistic and commercial activity as a photographer. In my country (Spain) is impossible to live just like a fine-art photographer.?I also write posts on photography for Ivory Press¡äblog Turn On Art and make photo workshops.
What is your work about? My photographic series show the relationship, sometimes contradictory, between the natural and the artificial, between animate and inanimate. Although the series can be formally very different from each other, always a common theme underlying all of them, related to the human trace.
ashley-jones-savannah-ga-usa
Short Bio: Ashley¡¯s current body of work, Frogtown to Victory, is her attempt to comprehensively document the current state of Savannah¡¯s Martin Luther King Junior Boulevard corridor through long-term documentation. Photographs from her series Frogtown to Victory have been featured in American Oxford, Incandescent, ToneLit, and New Landscape Photography. She is actively exhibiting nationally and internationally in both group and solo exhibitions.
What is your work about? The mass production and affordability of the automobile resulted in considerable changes to our nation¡¯s infrastructure and the need to intersect highway systems with urban neighborhoods. In reaction to my observations and research, I began photographically documenting the area immediately surrounding the Interstate 16 flyover in Savannah Georgia. I am specifically interested in the at-risk neighborhoods along the MLK Boulevard and the ways in which the Interstate 16 flyover has impacted them.
netra-nei-seattle-wa-usa
Short bio: I live and work as a freelance graphic designer in Seattle, in the creative neighborhood of Capitol Hill. I am a self taught photographer, initially picking up the camera in order to document my surroundings. Photography has become for me an artistic outlet, a passionate hobby, and a medium of self discovery.
What is your work about? These photos are a collection which celebrate, and finds the beauty in, our best efforts.
daniel-ali-london-uk
Short bio: Daniel Ali (b. 1985, lives in London) is a fine art documentary photographer who completed his BA and MA between 2005 ¨C 2010. Daniel also works as a freelance camera operator and assistant in film making and video production as well as working as a film and digital projectionist.
What is your work about? Daniel¡¯s photography documents various lives, environments and cultures around the world. He displays staged portraits in direct juxtaposition to straight documentary imagery, in doing so offers alternative perceptions about these individuals allowing the viewer to engage in a familiar topic with the aim or presenting new interpretations. At the forefront of Daniel¡¯s photography is an attempt to represent the individual outside of circumstance.