william-douglas-chesapeake-va-united-states
Short bio: William W Douglas III was born in 1988 in Charleston. In 2011 he was a recipient of a VMFA fellowship. Douglas has already been included in various important exhibitions including, Peripheral Vision at Candela in Richmond, Snapshot Aesthetic at Black Box Gallery in Portland, and NOW at The Visual Art Exchange in Raleigh. In 2014 he was included in numerous publications including ※Petty Thieves Five§ published by Empty Stretch and ※BASTARDS§ published by Oranbeg Press. Douglas lives in Virginia.
What is your work about? I uses water as a theme in MY work because of its biological importance, with this I am attempting to raise questions about science and religion. In these photographs, I work in the tradition of an on the road artist highlighting commonplace occurrences to present the concepts of life, love, and death. I find coastal regions that are accustom to deterioration of their landscapes due to severe weather have an aura that is prominent for making images of this kind.
michael-jackson-drefach-velindre-uk
Short bio: Michael Jackson (born 1966) is a contemporary photographer from the UK currently living in Wales. He is best known for his ongoing extensive study of a single beach in Pembrokeshire, Poppit Sands and his constant experimentation with traditional darkroom equipment.?His work has toured with the Hasselblad Masters On Tour twice and the images have reached the Hasselblad Masters Finals for three consecutive years.?In 2013 his Poppit Sands work won the Chris Beetles Award in London.
What is your work about? My work at Poppit Sands can be summarised as an interest in the infinity of a place. I find the complexity of everything overwhelming. To bring this work under control means the removal of what is not needed, and the study of one location is more than enough for any photographer＊s lifetime. On one hand it is so beautifully simple and on the other it provides you with such a mass of complexities that you can only hope to capture such a brief moment of what is available.
lee-suan-seoul-south-korea
Short bio: Suan, Lee is currently?attending the Institute of the Arts in Seoul, Korea.
What is your work about? As I turned 20, many things became different; nothing really changed,it was me that changed〞my perspective, to be more accurate. There is a small forest on my way home. On one hot summer day, I was walking through the same forest, but every tree looked different. The sound they make with a touch of wind was overwhelming. Starting from nature, object, including my friends seemed different from that day. I started perceiving things differently, and I wanted to record these and leave them as photograph.
ashley-kauschinger-columbia-sc-united-states
Short bio: Ashley Kauschinger is a narrative photographer and book artist that explores identity and family. She received her BFA from SCAD and her MFA from Texas Woman＊s University. Her photographs have been exhibited nationally and have been featured in various publications. Ashley is also the Founding Editor of Light Leaked, an online photography magazine that creates dialogue and community. Ashley lives and works in Columbia, SC where she is an adjunct professor at the University of South Carolina.
What is your work about? Questions of Origin is a series that investigates complicated aspects of the mother/daughter relationship and distills them into constructed narratives that evolved from childhood memories of the adult daughter. These ideas are communicated through the use of symbolism and metaphor, to encourage the viewer to project their own experiences onto the photographs.
alice-zoo-london-uk
Short bio: I am a self-taught documentary photographer working exclusively with analogue processes (excluding my phone which I love shooting with as a kind of sketchbook). I began shooting on holidays, and then moved to street photography as a way of participating more fully with my surroundings. Every journey became the potential backdrop for a photographic story 每 even a journey to Tesco. At present, I use my work to learn more about the world, and to document things I find beautiful or challenging.
What is your work about? My work is about humans, our dynamism, our interactions and our fierce resilience. Recently I have become fascinated with notions of celebration; our ritualised attempts at happiness (birthdays, funfairs, holidays) and, often, the failure to keep the world and its sadnesses at bay. Despite this, we keep showing up, and trying to enjoy ourselves and love one another. This noble and poignant struggle 每 the humanness in us all 每 and the hustle and bustle along the way are what drives my work.
jessica-labatte-chicago-il-united-states
Short bio: Jessica Labatte is a Chicago based photographer, who received an MFA and a BFA from The School of the Art Institute of Chicago. er work has been exhibited in numerous galleries and museums including the Museum of Contemporary Art, Chicago, Museum of Fine Arts, St. Petersburg, FL, Elmhurst Art Museum, Hyde Park Art Center, Higher Pictures, NYC, Golden Gallery, and Horton Gallery, NYC. Her work has been reviewed in The New York Times, The New Yorker, Artforum.com, and Chicago Magazine.
What is your work about? Using a multiple exposure process, the sculptural paper is photographed multiple times in the studio with different arrangements layering two and three exposures on top of each other on a single sheet of film. The reflected light from the paper mixes directly on the film, creating new colors unseen by the photographer. the multiple exposures allow past and present to mix, creating a new colored space. The ethereal plant forms appear to float beneath water.
brett-henrikson-providence-ri-united-states
Short bio: My name is Brett Henrikson, and I＊m an Artist-Photographer＃ Artist being the most important part. Photographic processes are my hammer and chisel, as I approach the world and use visual language to understand and reinterpret being. My bodies of work vary from work about intersection of life and death, classical portraiture and nudes using the wet plate collodion process, and using the physicality of the photographic object in a new and unconventional way.
What is your work about? Collodion is pure; it＊s like having a bon fire and taking the ashes of burned branches and drawing on the sides of a cave. Some might draw running horses or portraits of man. I let the light from the fire guide my sense of mysticism into somewhere new that only exists in the ether, on the shimmering light from my darkroom trays and from behind my eyes. Now when more work is done behind the computer, working with my hands in the dark, I am without rules or limitations, and the medium is free.
james-reeder-brooklyn-ny-united-states
Short bio: James Reeder lives and works in Brooklyn, NY. He has been in dozens of exhibitions in New York and beyond, including NURTUREArt, Brooklyn; Airplane Gallery, Toyko and Brooklyn, Projective City, Paris, France; and Mixed Greens in New York, NY. Solo exhibitions include Lesley Heller Workspace, New York; A.M. Richard Fine Art, Brooklyn; and ATA Window Gallery, San Francisco. He has been an undergraduate level photography instructor and currently runs an analog photography project space in Brooklyn.
Why do you photograph on film? For this series I take photographs from magazines and books and assemble them in the studio as objects. I build stands and other methods of display which remain visible in the final image. Removed from their original context, the remaining traces of narrative are open ended and allowed to interact to form a puzzling and disjointed story loosely constructed around sight and observation.
clara-wildberger-graz-austria
Short bio: *09.04.1989 Photographer. Design Student. Currently living in Graz, Austria. Exhibitions in Austria, Croatia, Germany, Spain, USA. Works for i. a. SKUG 每 Journal f邦r Musik, ray 每 Filmmagazin, NEON Magazin, Forum Stadtpark Graz.
What is your work about? Selamse: Zell am See, a rural town in the countryside of Salzburg in Austria, has recently become a favorite holiday destination for people from the Middle East. They relish the cool and rainy weather and are hugely excited to see snow for the first time in their lives on the Kitzsteinhorn glacier.
ali-bosworth-toronto-canada
Short bio: Ali Bosworth is a photographer currently living in Toronto, Canada. He has participated in numerous exhibitions both nationally and internationally. His first monograph Kyklades was published by Gottlund Verlag in 2010, and in 2013 a book of photographs with 4 other Canadian photographers was published titled Queen of Tsawassen. In 2013 he was nominated by photographer Jim Breukelman to participate in The Peer-to-Peer Exhibition as part of Vancouver＊s first Capture Photography Festival.
What is your work about? The least boring parts of my life.
ansley-west-rivers-atlanta-ga-united-states
Short bio:Ansley West Rivers is a photographer from Atlanta, Georgia. She received her MFA from the California College of the Arts and BFA from the University of Georgia. West Rivers has been included in recent exhibitions across the United States. Her current series, Seven Rivers, has been featured in The New York Times Magazine, The Huffington Post, Oxford American and Fast Company Design. She has taught Photography at the California College of the Arts. She resides in the Low Country of Georgia.
What is your work about? This series of photographs captures the watersheds of seven rivers〞the Colorado, Missouri/Mississippi, Columbia, Rio Grande, Tuolumne, Altamaha, and the Hudson〞and considers the fragile state of fresh water across the United States. During a recent trip through the Grand Canyon, I recognized the loss of water, land, and culture that＊s been inflicted upon the Colorado River. I realized the importance of watersheds as maps. This inspired my investigation into the current state of American rivers.
alex-grabiec-baltimore-md-united-states
Short bio: Alex Grabiec is an artist based out of Baltimore, Maryland. Born in 1984, Alex earned his BFA in 2007 from Longwood University and is currently pursuing an MFA in Photographic and Electronic Media from the Maryland Institute College of Art. His work has appeared in several publications and has been exhibited nationally. He has spoken about his work at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia and Columbia College in Chicago.
What is your work about? My work explores the idea of subjects within a slightly misplaced context. It also considers the intersection of landscape, memory, and photography＊s impact on the transformation of representation.
yiran-zheng-providence-ri-united-states
Short bio: I was born in southern China, 1992. After studied in Hong Kong and UK, I am now in the US finishing a BFA in Photography at Rhode Island School of Design. I decided to become an artist out of a mission I hold, which is now a big part of my work. In love with time-based media, I＊m working with artist books and photography becomes one element of the work rather than the entire piece.
What is your work about? This series is based on my journey in China this winter, where I turned into a private investigator to dig out the truth of the suicide of my mentor, and to get in touch with her family. This journey is a destructive healing process I gave to myself and a gesture of letting go. Ultimately, it is a confusion of unrealistic dreams and fragile connection between people.I will still keep on my search like writing a manifesto for my lifelong career as an artist and a human who cares about love.
noelle-mccleaf-venice-fl-united-states
Short bio: Born and raised in Fairfax, Virginia, Noelle received her BFA from the Ringling Collage of Art and Design, and her MFA from the Minneapolis College of Art and Design. Her work has been published in Blink Magazine, Fraction Magazine, Aint-Bad Magazine, Accent Magazine and on Feature Shoot. She currently lives and works as a photography professor and exhibiting artist in Venice, Florida.
What is your work about? My work explores themes of memory, relationship, and identity on Florida＊s Gulf Coast. My most recent project Evie Lou and Laura Jane chronicles the stories and experiences of my mother (Evie Lou) and her best friend (Laura Jane).
tom-wilkinson-nottingham-uk
Short bio: I graduated with an MA (list) in Photography from Nottingham Trent University in 2014 and have a background in Philosophy. My photographic practice is concerned with aligning these two disciplines in particular relation to landscape. I currently work and live in Nottingham, UK.
What is your work about? My work is concerned with both ＆landscape＊ and ＆history＊ as cultural concepts, and the way photographic representation contributes to my understanding of them. The ＆objective＊ photographic rendering of detail and texture can only reveal so much- the rest is left to the ＆archaeological imagination＊ to fill in the gaps. Any understanding of the past that my photographs reveal is held in the moment of experience captured in the image and felt by the viewer.
eric-pickersgill-chapell-hill-nc-united-states
Short bio: I am an artist in North Carolina finishing my MFA at UNC Chapel Hill this May. I teach an undergraduate photography course and primarily work with lens based mediums. I am the current intern at Cassilhaus Gallery where I have curated their winter exhibition titled They Them. In 2010 I received a BFA in Photography at Columbia College Chicago where I was an undergraduate TA and intern at the Museum of Contemporary Photography.
What is your work about? My current work is about the relationships people have to their devices and how that technology influences their daily experience. I find there to be very specific types of performances and expectations people have of each other and in certain situations that are often dependent on the type of technology that is mediating that experience. My series Removed focuses on the posture of the body when personal devices are in use. The gesture is pointed to when the device is removed from the sitter.
btihal-remli-wermelskirchen-germany
Short bio: As a moroccan girl I was born in some suburbs in Germany. I decided to go out of these suburbs. I finished High school and started to study law, but I quickly realized that law is not about fairness. It is about who is right. I changed my subject and did the entrance exam for architecture. I got passionate about it and did a great Bachelor degree. In between I studied one semester in Lisbon. Then my professor sent me to the academy of fine arts in vienna. There everything changed for me＃
What is your work about? In this work I was focussing on rituals in the islamic world. Michel de Certeau writes that space is a practiced place. It means that rituals as they are a performance are creating a space. But it is a movement so that space is somehow invisible. At the same time they have sensible presence so that we are aware of them. But how to capture those spaces? Can I show them from the inside? I travelled to morocco to observe those spaces, even though my camera was forbidden in that culture. A clash.
jeff-downer-vancouver-bc-canada
Short bio: Jeff Downer is a Vancouver- USA based artist. He has shown in Vancouver, Montreal, the United States, as well as internationally. His work has been published in several art magazines, and he has self-published two artist books. More recently he has had a solo show at the Gage Academy of Art in Seattle, WA in January 2015, and took part in a Risograph printing residency at the Or Gallery Vancouver in March 2015.
What is your work about? I stroll the cities taking pictures of the urban places, and allow the space to narrate about life, society, integration or even alienation with people often missing from the image, but their presence always obvious. By highlighting the peripheral and disregarded I am ruminating on the banal, everyday, and often overlooked aspects of our society. I try to find the humour, tragedy and the beauty that is embedded in these places, objects and concepts.
sebastian-reiser-graz-austria-3
Short bio: Sebastian Reiser was born in 1986. Lived in Andorf (Austria) and moved to Graz in 2009. In 2007 he acquired his first camera and began to enter the world of photography. As a self-taught photographer he had already published some of his work in several international magazines and books. Sebastian Reiser works almost exclusively with the medium of analog photography.
What is your work about? In many of my recent photos I try to highlight the relationship between nature and men, as made visible by the conspicuous presence of technology built by humans. It is impressive and sometimes bizarre how this looks.
jordanna-kalman-poughkeepsie-ny-united-states
Short bio: Jordanna Kalman is a photographer, mother, and wife and gets very little sleep. She has exhibited her work in the US and internationally and is currently working on her series Sleepwalking and a sequel to her 2014 book, Sometimes. Jordanna also curates an online gallery of contemporary photography, Streit House Space.
What is your work about? I make it up as I go along. I start with some basics: what film I have available, where I will be shooting and who or what I＊ll be shooting. From there taking pictures becomes a stream of consciousness, a tangent. It takes awhile for things to take shape and it＊s only in time passing and letting the work breathe do things come together. What matters most is the light. Light illustrates time and dictates mood, and these are what I want to capture in a photograph.
david-shannon-lier-livingston-mt-united-states
Short bio: David Shannon-Lier is a photographer from Massachusetts. He earned his Bachelor of Fine Arts from The School of The Museum of Fine Arts, in Boston and his Master of Fine Arts from Arizona State University. He is currently traveling the United States with his wife Alison, their son, Emmett and Dog, Olive.
What is your work about? This work is about the gap between the knowledge of the vastness of time and space and the unshakable notion that the tiny acts we carry out each day matter. It is about our notions of belonging, to the land and the land belonging to us. It is about the allure of the single point perspective photography gives us. It is about the importance of a few hours in a very specific place, alongside the importance of the eternal and unending scale of time and space itself. It＊s about mortality.
tereza-cervenova-london-uk
Short bio: I am a London-based photographer, a recent graduate from Middlesex University. In my work I want to draw the attention to what lays beneath the surface of things and capture the sensitive, intimate and poignant moments in life. I was the winner of the 2014 D&AD Yellow Pencil for Photography and a winner of the Daniel Blau Gallery＊s first ＆5 under 30＊ Young Photographers Competition. In 2013 I was shortlisted for the Taylor Wessing Portrait Prize in the National Portrait Gallery in London.
What is your work about? My work is an exploration of photography used as a poetic language. It is my personal response to the flow of life, where everyday events are transformed into poignant memories. The subjects of the photographs are not only the protagonists of their stories; they are vessels for my thoughts. As such the viewer is invited to re-interpret these fleeting moments through the hidden reflections of their own memories and experiences.
brian-flaherty-san-francisco-ca-united-states
Short bio: Brian Flaherty is an editorial and commercial photographer born and based in San Francisco, CA. After a semester in the darkroom in undergrad he was hooked on film and has been teaching himself the craft ever since.
What is your work about? My work alternates between exploring the beauty of the natural world and honing in on mundane forgotten places in the built environment. No matter the subject, I strive to shoot it in a way that feels honest while remaining true to my personal vision and the way I interact with the world.
christa-blackwood-austin-tx-united-states
Short bio: Christa Blackwood is a photo, text based and installation artist working with themes related to identity, history, and popular culture. Blackwood fuses traditional, historical and alternative photo processes with contemporary practices such as silk screened posters and renegade art installations. Her work has been featured in several publications including The New York Times, The Village Voice and The Chicago Sun Times. She has exhibited in galleries and museums in the US and abroad.
What is your work about? My work is always idea driven. a dot red explores new perspectives on traditional genres and images found in landscape and portrait photography. By combining historical photographic techniques with more contemporary conceptual strategies, these works shift the focus of attention, and enable a reconsideration of its classical subjects.
armenoui-kasparian-saraidari-london-uk
Short bio: I am a PhD Candidate at Central Saint Martins, University of the Arts London and an AHRC Fellow at the Library of Congress, Washington DC. I have been exhibited by the CRASSH of Cambridge University, the Christie＊s in London and the Pingyao International Photography Festival2014 in China. I have collaborated in photographic research programmes with the Photography Department of Westminster College, Goldsmiths and Falmouth University. I have been nominated for the Nova Award and Future Map.
What is your work about? My practice focuses on photographic archives, memory, postmemory and trauma. I am interested in photography and its use as a referent that bares witness to the Armenian Genocide and Diaspora. My practice draws upon photographic and filmmaking methodologies and aims to examine the purpose, creation, use, distribution and collection of photographs through time and create new insights on the individual stories that lie beneath the archival images.
lindsay-richard-boston-ma-united-states
Short bio: Lindsay Richard is a Boston based artist whose work is deeply committed to the idea that to make good art, one must make work about what they know. In her case, the subject is often herself; open, raw and vulnerable. The photographic narratives both reveal the artist and expose the viewer to their own hidden neurosis.?She holds a BFA in Photography from the Massachusetts College of Art & Design and currently resides in NH.
What is your work about? My work is about externalizing a power and a vulnerability that exists inside the self. In my Seeking series I explored a lot of dark personal memories and experiences, and though they are often reflections seen bouncing off of others, and in the landscapes that vibrate when I pass through them, I＊d like to think they are about being together in being alone. To discuss the mind in images instead of indoctrinated vocabulary feels less like entrapment and more like acceptance.
joseph-lamela-roma-italy
Short bio: Born in France, 1979, I have studied the arts and practiced languages from very early age. I discovered photography as a teenager through my father＊s darkroom and started taking pictures at the age of 20. The never-ending process of collecting images has since then driven my soul, body and mind.
What is your work about? I take pictures, therefore I am. My work is about my vision and my spiritual journey towards freedom and love. My images are metaphorical and poetical reflections of my dreams. Through photography, I try to celebrate life and light, sealing my pact with time, between life and death.
daniel-farnum-tulsa-ok-united-states
Short bio: Dan Farnum was born in the blue-collar town of Saginaw, Michigan. His photographs have been showcased in several exhibitions and galleries such as Alibi Fine Art in Chicago, Daniel Cooney Fine Art in New York, and at the Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design. Dan received his MFA from the San Francisco Art Institute and BFA from the University of Michigan. He is currently an Assistant Professor of Photography at The University of Tulsa.
What is your work about? My portfolio titled Young Blood investigates teenagers and young adults raised amidst a backdrop of mass exodus after years of economic decomposition in Michigan. I focus on the disenfranchised, the misunderstood, the urban pioneers, the aspiring thugs, and the hipsters whose youthfulness contrasts the harsh condition of the places in which they are photographed. I am interested in how these specific locations shape the aspirations, both positive and misguided, and attitude of its residents.
meagan-connolly-savannah-ga-usa
Short bio: Meagan Connolly is primarily a fine art and documentary photographer based out of Savannah, Georgia. She attends Savannah College of Art and Design where she began working with a 4℅5 camera to document the religious diversity of the southeastern United States. Her work also juxtaposes the traditional and current cultural structures religion imposes. Her expected date of graduation is May 2015.
What is your work about? Passing Without Continuing is a series in progress about roadside glimpses of the remaining relics from a manmade past.
svetlana-mladenovic-belgrade-serbia
Short bio: I am a self taught photographer, living and working in Belgrade. My first contact with photography was back in elementary school where I attended an extracurricular photography class because I wanted to learn how to use my father＊s Zenit camera. I remember loving the feeling of watching the world through a lens. 15 years later, I dug out that same camera, started playing with it and realized that the same feeling was still there. Nowadays I love experimenting with different cameras and films.
What is your work about? From the moment I first visited this quarry, I was fascinated by shapes and colors so I decided to make the photo series in order to explore the relationship between the nature and man-made machines and the beauty that comes as a result of their symbiosis.
julian-wakeling-brooklyn-ny-united-states
Short bio: Born Sunderland, UK. Studied at Lincoln College of Art and Central St Martins, London. Former cycle courier, post office worker, DJ and music producer. Winner of the Fitzrovia Photography Prize, London in 2011. Currently based in Brooklyn, New York.
What is your work about? My work is not so much about recording what I see so much as using what I see to create a lasting image that should be beautiful, complex and mysterious, but which will also be recognisably of the world and not an abstraction. I strive to make my work self-contained in that it should not require context or explanation to give it meaning. It will also not rely on content 每 or narrative 每 for its effect. It will be about form, and any narrative elements will be included if they function as motifs.
vittoria-mentasti-turin-italy
Short bio: I＊m an Italian photographer currently based in Jerusalem. After earning a BFA in New Media Studies from the Brera Academy of Arts in Milan, I studied photojournalism and documentary photography at the International Center of Photography in New York City. My work has been published on the New Yorker, CNN, Courier International, Huck Magazine, among others.
What is your work about? During Israel＊s War of Independence in 1948-49, Lifta 每 a village on the outskirt of Jerusalem that was inhabited by a Palestinian community 每 was forcibly depopulated. Lifta is a place where the history of the land is still visible and different layers of time and conflict mix with one another. Different narratives draw their symbols and traditions atop of another, in an effort to justify their presence while refuting the other.
reiko-yagi-otsu-japan
Short bio: Reiko Yagi is a Japanese artist and photographer, born?in Shiga.?He is?taking photos of Lake-Biwa. Recent exhibitions include:?2012?2014 BIWAKO BIENNNALE, ?2012 PX3 PRIX DE LA PHOTOGRAPHIE PARIS / Bronze prize
What is your work about? This work is a testament?of my love for this planet.?Considering its?current collapsing state, I want to make people aware of its beauty while questioning the?meaning of existing on it.
julia-borissova-st-petersburg-russia
Short bio: Julia Borissova is a Russian artist. She graduated from the program ※Photography as a research§, Foundation of Informational and Cultural projects ＆FotoDepartament＊, St.Petersburg. Her work has been exhibited in national and international solo and group shows. She employs a greater variety of photographic techniques and styles. Her interest is in the conceptual side of the work. She uses photographs as a material for making collages, or transfers them on different surfaces to create other forms.
What is your work about? Having found some images of Antarctic expeditions I decided to put myself into this landscape, to become part of it, to run it through me by eliminating the distance, to find a zone in myself where time and space will cross.?I wanted to turn myself into something else and try to express a sense of time, death and the inevitable decay through this transformation. I wished to show the fear of oblivion, termination of activity, entropy through a collision with a smooth, hard, cold ice surface.
maud-faivre-bruxelles-belgium
Short bio: Maud Faivre (1986, France) lives and works in Belgium and in France. Besides her personal projects, she develops a work related to space and architecture. Her photographs are currently exhibited at the Photography Museum, Charleroi.?She graduated from Le 75 Art School, Brussels, Belgium, and La Martini豕re-Diderot Design school, Lyon, France. She has been published in Der Greif Issue 8 and belongs to the IN/OUT Project (Arp2 Editions, 2015). She is a member of La Grotte, photographers Collective.
What is your work about? This project is a fictional story taking place in a near future. It evokes the discovery and exploration of an undefined city through what could be its sacred places and rituals. The images are like fragments used by the viewer to rebuild a story 每 or maybe to confuse him much more. In this sense, he will become an archeologist.
debi-cornwall-brooklyn-ny-united-states
Short bio: I trained in photography at RISD while completing my Bachelor＊s degree in Modern Culture and Media at Brown University. After working as an AP stringer and as an investigator for the federal public defender＊s office, I attended Harvard Law School and practiced for more than a decade as a civil rights attorney. My background representing innocent DNA exonerees inform my visual work. ※Gitmo at Home, Gitmo at Play§ is my first project since returning to photography in 2014.
What is your work about? 13 years after the first alleged ※enemy combatants§ arrived at the U.S. Naval Base at Guant芍namo Bay, Cuba, 122 men remain imprisoned at ※Gitmo,§ half cleared for release years ago. ※Gitmo at Home, Gitmo at Play§ explores the grim absurdity of daily life there through images of residential and leisure spaces of detainees and guards. As a condition of negotiating special access to the prisons with analog equipment, I had to hand develop the color film under the watch of military escorts.
eric-thompson-vancouver-bc-canada
Short bio: Eric Thompson is a Canadian photographer living in New York, whose work has been in ongoing progress for 10 years.
What is your work about? My work is a cross section of my life seen by me as it hits me. A continued documenting of happenings in my life sparked by scenes and moments that carry a notable visual weight and implied curious narrative.
josh-loeser-phoenix-ar-united-states
Short bio: Josh Loeser is a Phoenix area native, and graduated from Arizona State with a BFA in photography in 2014. He is deeply interested in portraiture, he photographs people he knows as part of an ongoing conversation between himself and his friends.
What is your work about? My pictures are focused on a number of things, including personal mythologies, the passage of time, place, and friendship.
christopher-shaw-st-albert-ab-canada
Short bio: In his formative years, photographer Christopher Shaw＊s first creative energies found expression through painting. He discovered a love for photography in his hometown of St. Albert, Alberta while attending Victoria School of the Arts. He continued his education at Grant MacEwan University completing a three-year diploma program in Design Foundations and Photography.
What is your work about? Dark spaces devoid of human activity draw me in. Areas normally vibrant with daytime commotion become evocative hollow city backdrops at night. I set out to document these scenes. There is something about the night that really attracts me. Perhaps it is because nocturnal settings appear as a darkened stage of props, awaiting the return of the players who bring it back to life when the sun comes up. The world seems simplified yet more interesting.
ian-simpson-ashington-uk
Short bio: Ian Robert Simpson is a landscape photographer based in the North East of England. His work looks to document the contemporary landscape and the motifs of Romanticism in an anthropocene epoch. He graduated with a BA (Hons) in Photography, Video and Digital Imaging from the University of Sunderland in 2010.
What is your work about? As the sea relentlessly erodes the land, so we endlessly build and rebuild defences to divert and disperse tidal energy, or to harness and utilise the presence of open water. This ongoing, millennia-long battle of competing claims that has created an almost collaborative sculpture that we call the coastline, producing symbiotic rhythms, patterns and architectures.
marine-de-la-loge-paris-france
Short bio: Marine De la loge was born in Paris in 1988.??After completing a licence of geography, she enters Gobelins, the Parisian photography school, in 2011. ?In 2012, she is part of Mois de la Photo Off in Paris with a series made in China; in 2013, she is finalist for ＆Prix de la Jeune Cr谷ation Photographique Sfr 每 le Bal＊. ?She founded ＆Insolance＊ collective with Melissa Boucher and Rebekka Deubner, with whom she had two shows in Paris, and launched their first self-published book in 2015.
What is your work about? In my work I am interested in questioning the frontier between photography as a document, and as a personal creation that explores an alternate reality filled with imagination.?My pictures are not planned, in simple moments and places I find myself in, I photograph when I have the impression that there could be something else going on that we might not be able to explain.?The images work as symbols of what is left to understand, and as proofs that different stories are always to be imagined.
andrius-sidlauskas-vilnius-lithuania
Short bio: 41 years old man from small country Lithunia with full of changes. I start shooting in about 2007 just on film and Polaroids, mostly on expired.
What is your work about? this set in square format 每 like alliance from my lo-fi style on expired films with today everyday used Instagram.
collin-avery-adams-ma-united-states
Short bio: Collin Avery (b.1987) is an American artist from Adams, MA. He received a BA in photography from Montana State University in 2012. Much of his photographic work is influenced from his memories of adolescence and his idea of home. His series entitled Remain Calm was on display at Saatchi Gallery in London as part of the Google Photography Prize (2012). His work has also been featured online including Flak Photo, Lenscratch, Aint-Bad Magazine, Art Photo Index, and Actual Colors May Vary.
What is your work about? As a child, I was afraid of confrontation, so as a way to escape difficult mental and physical situations I had designated hiding zones located throughout the house and yard where I could disappear. During these times of self introspection, I became fixated on certain physical details of the space. Observation has become my new way of escaping. My images are not about finding the extraordinary in the everyday, but instead are about finding the everyday extraordinary.
claire-warden-phoenix-az-united-states
Short bio: Claire A. Warden has exhibited her work internationally, including: Griffin Museum of Photography; Rayko Photo Center; Center for Fine Art Photography; Agripas 12 Gallery, Jerusalem; Galer赤a Valid Foto, Barcelona; and Cultural Center, Serbia. She has received LensCulture＊s Top 50 Emerging Talents award, Photo Boite＊s 30Under30 Award and Photobook Melbourne photography finalist. Her work has been featured in Real Simple, The HAND, Common Ground Journal and Prism Magazine.
What is your work about? Raised in a family with a diverse ethnic heritage has led me to reflect on the fluid, abstract nature of identity and informs my use of photography. I use saliva and manual manipulation in my photographic process, which act as representations of the biologic and socio-cultural forces that stimulate the emergence of an identity. Resembling systems of the natural sciences〞microscopic, topographic and celestial〞the photographs allegorize the complexity of systems that make up an individual.
ira-wagner-montclair-nj-united-states
Short bio: After a 27 year career on Wall Street, I decided to leave to pursue other interests and began taking classes in photography at ICP in New York. This led me to pursue an MFA degree. I attended the Hartford Limited Residency program and graduated in 2013. Since then I have been teaching photography at Monmouth University in New Jersey and continue photographing my interests in the urban and man made landscape.
What is your work about? This project seeks to capture and present the complex layers of development that have taken place in the Bronx 每 a virtual laboratory of urban development. In its history, the Bronx has had dramatic cycles of promise, possibility, loss and revival. While for many, the Bronx remains frozen as a symbol of urban decline, I try to look at the Bronx objectively as it exists now. I find there the range, chaos, irony, richness and beauty of the urban landscape.
charlotte-bibby-shepton-mallet-uk
Short bio: I graduated in 2013 with a BA Photography from Middlesex University, and since then I have been travelling and photographing pursuing personal work after taking a (probably permanent) hiatus from fashion photography. Currently hovering in the UK.
What is your work about? The Art of Living. A project documenting the way people spend their leisurely time in different cultures and parts of the world. There＊s more to life than surviving, and I＊ve become curious by the way humans choose to spend their free time, pursuing hobbies, connecting to other people and participating in activities with the aim of entertainment and fulfilment. I intend to continue the series in order to depict the similarities and differences country-to-country.
benedetta-panisson-milan-italy
Short bio: Benedetta Panisson (1980, Venice) works with photography, video installation and live performance. Graduated in Aesthetics at Ca＊ Foscari University, Venice. Some of her most important participations and collaborations: International Prize for Performance, curated by Marina Abramovic (2005); Fondazione Bevilacqua la Masa, Venice; Premio Furla per l＊Arte (2007); Galleria Riccardo Crespi (2009); International Sarajevo Winter Festival 2013; UNESCO and COAL (2013), Paris; Der Greif (2015).
What is your work about? ※People do water§ is an observation of people in physical union with water. Hydrophilia (or aquaphilia) is, at the same time, the property of an element of absorbing and attracting water, and a sensual pleasure wich involves images of people in water. In physiology a human body is around 70% of water.?Re-interpreting this physiological correspondence as a sensual physical union is an in progress method to displace the dialectic edges between a conventional and an unconventional attraction.
mat-hay-london-uk
Short bio: Mat Hay is a Scottish photographer based in London working in portraiture, documentary, and staged tableau, primarily set in the Scottish Highlands. Since receiving a 1st in Photography and Film from Edinburgh Napier University in 2013, his work has been selected for several national and international awards, exhibitions, and publications such as The Vignette Award 2013, The Jill Todd Photographic Award 2014, Aesthetica Art Prize 2014 and 2015, and Magenta Foundation Flash Forward Award 2015.
What is your work about? While the shift from rural to urban continues globally, In the Long Glen depicts the reality of Highland life and the people who choose to embrace it. It looks at relationships maintained between these people, their animals, and this unique, challenging, and remote environment. It also seeks to address the disparity between my experience of life here, and the prevailing image of Scotland＊s rural areas frequently overshadowed by historical context and nostalgia.
matthieu-litt-liege-belgium-2
Short bio: I＊m a photographer from Belgium living in Li豕ge. I＊ve been studying photography and graphic design in Institut Sup谷rieur des Arts St Luc, Li豕ge. I mainly work on personal projects, abroad or in Belgium.
What is your work about? My series often deal with distance, the way I perceive it and the way to let the viewer imagine a story behind it, in turning simple realities in what can appear as fiction. I tend to blur the boundaries between an image taken in my close surroundings and another from far abroad. This serie entitled ＆Close, by far＊ is a subjective view more axed on dreams than reality. Like the combination between fantasied images and a real world Belgian scenery. Like escape within reach.
minho-kim-seoul-south-korea
Short bio: I was born in 1959, Seoul,South Korea.?I am Medical Doctor (Family Physician) and Photographer. There are several Group and solo exhibitions.?Last Group exhibition was JURIED GROUP SHOWS, 2014 Griffin Museum of Photography ※20th Juried Exhibition§ .
What is your work about? My works are about birth and death, creation and extinction, appearance and disappearance.
kyra-kennedy-boston-ma-united-states
Short bio: Kyra Kennedy (b. 1993) is a large format photographer working out of Boston, MA and the surrounding areas. In May, she will be graduating from Massachusetts College of Art and Design with a BFA in Photography. Kyra received the Hearst Fund Scholarship that allowed her to study this past summer at Anderson Ranch in Aspen, Colorado.
What is your work about? In the 80＊s my mother was a prominent ballerina in the Boston Ballet, and throughout my life she has wanted me to follow in her footsteps.The series Copp谷lia, narrates the rift between the life my mother made for me, and the reality of who I am. I use my camera as the choreographer, replaying what my life could have been if I had followed my mother＊s lead.These photos uncover the fear of being trapped in a life created instead of lived.
jonathan-salmon-hebden-bridge-uk
Short bio: I am an amateur photographer from Hebden Bridge, Yorkshire, England. I obtained by Photography BA in 2011, but whilst photography is my main passion, pursuing it as a profession has fallen by the wayside due to the demands of life. My dream is to be able to make photographs every day, and am working to make this a reality. I have exhibited work in local exhibitions, zines, and on Willson Cummer＊s fantastic newlandscapephotography.com.
What is your work about? My work is mostly about the spaces we inhabit and frequent; how we make use and transform it, and get transformed by it. The images I have submitted are from my series ＆Going Coastal＊, concerning the current state of the British Coast. Once a booming holiday industry, it is now simultaneously beautiful and derelict.?More recent work focuses on the role of a photographer in a world with increasing amounts of photography, and paranoia about privacy.
xuecong-lin-shenzhen-china
Short bio: Xuecong Lin was born in 1991, Guangdong Province ,China. He graduated from Capital Normal University. He is a freelance photographer, currently?living in Beijing and Shenzhen.
What is your work about? I was born and grew up in a southern coastal city of China, witnessing the development, transformation as well as the increasing contradictions. Last year, I tried to use the most direct approach to take the photos along the southeastern coastal line. What I saw was completely different from that in my childhood as the result of the construction projects. All the things lost their identity, which made me feel the change here was so fast, including not only the environment, but also the customs.
olga-toliarenok-minsk-belarus-2
Short bio: I＊m not photographer BUT photography is my hobby. Since 2009 I am keen on photography, starting to take pictures with a simpe Nikon P&S (Point and shoot) camera. Special courses attended: 忘 course of digital photography at the Association of Designers of the Republic of Belarus in 2011; A 1-year portrait course under the supervision of Egor Voinov in 2012; I also took part in the following contests: ※Young Belarusian Photography§ 2012 每 Finalist / Winner.
What is your work about? I know that all my work is a large self-portrait, which develops over time into a huge, rich mosaic of photos. Since all that I have inside becomes public and I can see, understand, or come closer to understanding yourself in certain periods and times. First I feel but then I act without any hesitation ＃ this is how I created a small story about a short part of my life in a certain period.
kayleigh-montgomery-frederick-md-united-states
Short bio: am an artist who lives and works in my hometown of Frederick, Maryland. I use analog photography methods including negative and positive film, instant film, and wet plate photography to create original works of art inspired by my surrounding city and landscape. I have studied photography at the Corcoran College of Art and Design, as well as attended several analog and alternative process photography workshops. I am also a co-founder of the Mid-Atlantic Analog Photographers group.
What is your work about? My work is about exploring my surroundings in the only way I know how; by capturing the perfect and imperfect, the picturesque and the grotesque, the familiar and surprising city and landscapes that are part of my identity. It is about the banal and the exciting, and how sometimes they are one and the same.
ricardo-kump-varzea-paulista-brazil
Short bio: I＊m a self taught photographer from Brazil, splitting my time between my art director career and photography.
What is your work about? My work is primarily rooted in documentary and landscape photography, using a Medium Format camera.
arseni-khamzin-montreal-canada
Short bio: Arseni Khamzin is a visual artist living and working between Montreal, Vancouver, and New York.
What is your work about? For JMZ, I spent a year and a half walking through the streets of inner-city Brooklyn and photographing the things, spaces, and people I encountered along the way. I used photography to try to understand an unfamiliar landscape and the elements that elicited a sense of awe, wonder, and confusion in me.
kevin-thrasher-richmond-va-united-states
Short bio: Kevin Thrasher was born in Birmingham, AL. He studied photography at Massachusetts College of Art & Design. He lives in Richmond, VA with his wife and son. His work has been shown nationally, published in Collectors Guide to Emerging Art Photography and featured in the Oxford American＊s Eyes on the South series.
What is your work about? I＊m interested in how we use and interact with land, how we repurpose spaces for our needs. Photography has been a way to explore and interact with the world and wherever I live or visit. I like making photographs in places that are mysterious, hard to access or make me feel like I shouldn＊t be there.
feiyi-wen-london-uk
Short bio: I was born and educated in Beijing, China. I studied photography at Beijing Film Academy. I＊m an artist who works in different mediums such as photography, moving image, installation and sound art. I am currently studying in the Master of Fine Arts program at Royal College of Art in London.
What is your work about? The constant concern of my work has been to investigate the possibilities for creating an artistic language from the context of everyday life. Capturing or investigating the particular silence moments in everyday life, I＊m exploring the relationship between absence and existence. I believe in a ＆ poetry＊ that exists under the skin of everyday objects. I am especially interested in the ＆readymade＊ or ＆ found object＊ that I encounter in my daily routine.
amy-theiss-giese-boston-ma-united-states
Short bio: Amy Theiss Giese is an artist who lives in Boston, MA. Her work revolves around the fundamental characteristics of what makes an image a photograph. Her work has been exhibited and published both nationally and internationally. She earned her MFA at Parsons School for Design and received her BA from Amherst College and also completed the Professional Photography Program at the New England School of Photography.
What is your work about? My work is about challenging our expectations for what a photograph is. By reducing my materials down to the physical components that make it unique 每 silver and light 每 I try to explore non-representational imagery to express ideas and emotions in my own invented reality, to expand the definition of photography today, and to hopefully make the chemical photographic process more relevant in the 21st century.
sooyeun-ahn-new-york-ny-united-states
Short bio: Sooyeun Ahn is a New York based photographer. Sooyeun was born and raised in Seoul, Korea where she worked as a writer for 10 years before moving to New York City to attend the International Center of Photography＊s Documentary Photography and Photojournalism Program. Her photography has been exhibited at Nikon Gallery in Japan, the ICP＊s Education Gallery, Chelsea West Gallery, 25 CPW Gallery in New York, PhotoPlace Gallery in Vermont and and Budapest Photography Review in Hungary.
What is your work about? I am a photographer and also I＊m a migrator. My biggest passion has been using my photography to demonstrate my migratory energy and tension ignited by the friction between different worlds.
bertrand-cavalier-bruxelles-belgium
Short bio: Bertrand Cavalier is a French photographer living in Belgium since 2012 and founder of the photographers collective, La Grotte. His images provide us the behind the scenes images of the tourist snaps that are disseminated by postcards in order to glorify the beauty of a virgin and natural landscape. The photographs archive the remains of an environment invaded by theme parklike construction sites.?His work was recently exhibited at ManifestO and La Jeune Cr谷ation (Toulouse, Paris).
What is your work about? Seasonal, 2012-15, focuses on the use of the mountain landscape. Victims of mass tourism, forests are converted into skiing area in the winter and golf course in the summer. During the summer season, the ski lifts become obsolete while the resorts appear as real amusement park, aiming primarily the containment of the visitors.?At that living era that we care about snowy mountains for holidays, Seasonal suggests the impact of our activity and the line between consumption and overconsumption.
han-shun-zhou-singapore
Short bio: Born in Singapore.?Photographer and Printmaker, when not doing my day job.?I shot my first photograph in my early teens, with my father＊s Minolta SRT. It was not until my college days in Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts that photography and printmaking became a lifelong passion for me.
What is your work about? I lived in Shanghai from 2012 to 2014. As I walk through the city, I see people who are barely making ends meet, as well as those who have all the riches in the world. There are some who are still living in the past and others who are living the last days of their lives. It＊s a city with a multitude of lives.?This work is an inquiry into the layers of life within this city. In the process of creating these photographs, every roll of film is shot, rewound and left aside. What＊s inside these rolls of film are forgotten. These same rolls of exposed film are then reloaded into the camera and re-shot. The end result is an unexpected and disorganized layering of images.
james-niven-sydney-australia
Short bio: Born in Christchurch New Zealand and having lived in Melbourne Australia, Suva Fiji and Los Angeles USA, I now call Sydney home. I have been fascinated with film photography since 1987, starting with 35mm, but more recently with medium and large format. Values of Simplicity, Balance and Harmony are important components to my compositions.
What is your work about? In this ongoing series ※Observations In Abstract§, I＊m exploring the visual language of form and line which can be seen in our everyday surroundings when we really take the time to stop and observe. These compositions are my personal expressions of my observations around the globe.
kevin-boyle-vancouver-bc-canada
Short bio: Kevin Boyle is a Vancouver based photographer, originally from Winnipeg who documents the disappearance of small Canadian communities. He is currently represented by the Kimoto Gallery in Vancouver and the Rouge Gallery in Saskatoon.
What is your work about? My work focuses on the simplification of life, and how that change is in our hands. We can control what we allow to steal our time and peace, simply by turning off a phone or a computer. By photographing where we came from and what we have walked away from 每 small, tight knit communities 每 I want to show the viewers that there is beauty in what we have discarded for convenience.
sinziana-velicescu-los-angeles-united-states
Short bio: Sinziana Velicescu is a photographer and filmmaker based in Los Angeles. She is a graduate of the University of Southern California with a B.A. in Comparative Literature and Film. Her photography explores human intervention in nature within landscapes that have undergone political, social, or environmental change.
What is your work about? My series, ※On the Periphery,§ explores the aesthetic and utilitarian effect of architecture in parts of Los Angeles less visited by the general public. Minimalistic in nature and inspired by abstract expressionism and graphic design, it represents a coming to terms with my hometown by shooting subjects that I find aesthetically beautiful but simultaneously exude a feeling of emptiness. The result is an homage to ＆The City,＊ combined with a hidden desire to escape to another place or time.
joseph-wright-purton-uk
Short bio: Born and raised in a small rural town, many years spent exploring my patch as a child, then off to serve Queen and country. Eventually I found photography or at least using it in the way I now do. Now feels my time to start telling stories through images.
What is your work about? My work is mostly about the spaces we inhabit and frequent; how we make use and transform it, and get transformed by it. The images I have submitted are from my series ＆Going Coastal＊, concerning the current state of the British Coast. Once a booming holiday industry, it is now simultaneously beautiful and derelict. More recent work focuses on the role of a photographer in a world with increasing amounts of photography, and paranoia about privacy.
duncan-oja-san-francisco-ca-united-states
Short bio: I was born in West Virginia and raised in Northern California. I have been taking pictures for longer than I can remember. I received my B.A. in photography from Bard College in 2011, studying under Stephen Shore, Larry Fink, and Tim Davis. Since graduating, I have been continuing to work with film however possible, renting spaces and setting up makeshift darkrooms in closets and bathrooms.
What is your work about? My work in photography generally focuses on language, meaning, and signs. I am interested in the way people find or bring meaning and significance to the world, and the way we organize and rationalize a world that has no objective meaning or significance in itself. This has always seemed to reflect back on my own artistic drive, even the history of art in general; to create or point out things in the world that for whatever reason seem significant to the artist, more than just what they are.
lisa-mccarty-durham-nc-united-states
Short bio: Lisa McCarty is a photographer based in Durham, North Carolina. Most recently her work has been exhibited at the Ogden Museum of Southern Art in New Orleans, the American University Museum in Washington, D.C., the Asheville Art Museum in Asheville, North Carolina, Chicago Photography Center, & internationally with the PICTURE BERLIN residency program. Lisa received an MFA in Experimental and Documentary Arts from Duke University & is currently an instructor at the Center for Documentary Studies.
What is your work about? The series Developer Drawings is an experiment to make photographs using only light and the varying developers contained in Polaroid and Impossible Project Instant film. Rather than expose the instant film with a camera, I make images using the developer encased in the frame of every print. Every drawing records a new expression of the photographic material and the agency of light.
robin-alysha-clemens-amsterdam-the-netherlands
Short bio: I take photos and make short films. 23 years old and currently graduating at the Royal Academy Of Art in The Hague, The Netherlands. Born and raised in Utrecht, but moved to Amsterdam not too long ago. I try to combine my love for travel and music with my photography and film work as much as possible.
What is your work about? My work consists of photographic series as well as short films in which I always focus on people and (fictive) portraits. It can be seen as a visual search with themes like travel, adventure, music, escapism and loneliness recurring throughout. My photography is heavily influenced by movies: the photos feel fragmentary and can look like stills from a bigger narrative story.
kevin-j-mellis-calgary-ab-canada
Short bio: I began creating photographs as an art form after graduating from the Vancouver Institute of Media Arts, Digital Photography Program in March 2012. I have since shifted my photographic practice from a digital to an analog process using a traditional 4℅5 and 8℅10 large format view camera. This was motivated by my desire to connect more deeply to the process of making images. I have chosen to focus on two methods: Black and White Film and the Wet Plate Collodion process.
What is your work about? This body of work is about empowerment and representation. I chose to photograph a series of Black Canadian portraits to honour Black History Month, which runs throughout the month of Feb. Historically speaking the first photographs of black people were from the 1800s using the Wet Plate Process. The purpose of those images was to categorize black slaves with the intention of selling and buying slaves. As a White Male Photographer, I sought to acknowledge this unfortunate history.
genesis-baez-boston-ma-united-states
Short bio: Genesis Baez is an artist and educator currently based in Boston, MA, USA. She received a BFA with Honors in Photography from the Massachusetts College of Art and Design in 2012 and continues to regularly partake in exhibitions and publications. Currently, Genesis travels between New England and Puerto Rico for her ongoing research and photographic projects.
What is your work about? I make photographs in order to explore the relationships between a place and it＊s history, between people and their surroundings, and between my world, my family, and myself. The work in Otra Vida, Otra Vez was made on my multiple returns to Puerto Rico after my family migrated to the US mainland. While searching for clues that prompted migration, narratives addressing displacement, transition, longing, and endurance began to unfold.
sarah-fuller-banff-ab-canada
Short bio: Sarah Fuller lives and works in Banff, Alberta. Recent exhibitions include ※Future Station: The 2015 Alberta Biennial of Contemporary Art§ at the Art Gallery of Alberta, Edmonton, ※The Homecoming§ at the ODD Gallery, Dawson City, Yukon and ※See Attached§ at Truck Gallery, Calgary. Her work is in the collection of the Canada Council for the Arts, the Alberta Foundation for the Arts and the Yukon Permanent Art Collection. She has participated in residencies in Italy, Iceland and Canada.
What is your work about? ※You Will Want to Come Back§ is a series of western Canadian vignettes strung together as a narrative depicting a road journey. Scenes are chosen for their sense of expectation. A stage on which to act out the great western road trip movie that is decidedly Canadian. Humour, bleakness and beauty are the common threads which weave the tale.
joachim-bogedal-gothenburg-sweden
Short bio: My name is Joachim B?gedal, 1993. Born and raised in a very small town in Denmark. Later on I moved to ?rhus Denmark, where I studied photography at Den fotografiske skole for three semesters. I now live in Gothenburg Sweden where I am studying a bachelor in Fine art photography at Akademin Valand.
What is your work about? My work mainly focuses on have we treat, build, use and posses things of different variations in our lifes. What does a nicely trimmed tree, standing in the front garden of a suburban home, tell about the people living inside of that house is a question that i could very well ask myself and I will then explore the meaning of that tree standing in the garden. Or it could be a basic observation of how a social place looks like after closing time and therefore lost its purpose for a short while.
gabriela-margarita-de-jesus-new-haven-ct-united-states
Short bio: Gabriela Margarita De Jesus is a photographer primarily working in black & white film. Her ongoing body of work documents the childhood of her three younger brothers. In these, De Jesus uses the clutter and chaos of the home, as well as nature, to evoke imaginary and dreamlike spaces within the confines of the urban-domestic household. She recently completed her B.A. at Yale University. Her thesis work has been featured in PDN＊s Photo Annual and the Philadelphia Photo Arts Center.
What is your work about? I photograph home as a place of origin. My subject matter deals with what is familiar and intimate: body, personal rituals, and the way we experience the passing of time. As a group the photographs begin to speak about my background, empathy with one＊s kin, the closeness of a family, and the experience of childhood- but it is my hope that these photographs go beyond didactic description. They are not entirely documentary in style, it is a blend of fiction and biography.
beatrice-mermet-saint-cyr-sur-mer-france
Short bio: After fifteen years working for the cinema as a focus puller, I decided to go on with photography.
What is your work about? My work is about landscapes, territories and the links we built with them. Places are been photographed as if they were going to be used as a cinematography set.. The real landscape becomes a mental landscape＃. In this series I＊ve photographed places in?the French provence as if they were American landscapes.
dubus-cedric-lille-france
Short bio: I live and work in Lille, FRANCE.?I am interested in?all notions of territory.?Whether physical, social or mental.?My work, especially the series Essence A and Doel | Analogy of a territory have since been published in the press such as : VICE France, VICE Belgium, PRIVATE magazine, This is paper, Booooooom, GUP, IMSO, Azart.fr, DARWIN, WAD, L＊?il de la photographie, Clik Clk, Fisheye magazine, Der Greif, Fotografia, YET Magazine.
What is your work about? When I was younger, I was making a recurring dream. I was driving a bolide at full speed and I finished my run into a wall. I define it as anyway a dream, because even though I woke up in a spurt, I kept a new sensation. It took a few years to understand and I＊m still not convinced of the full meaning of this dream. But now I know that it is clear of renewal, a form of reboot of my mental territory. Essence A is a fiction. Diluted by love, a biker wanders on the asphalt. His story echoes that dream.
alexander-krack-berlin-germany
Short bio: Alexander Krack (1981) was born in Hamburg, Germany. Recent exhibitions include:??Leaving? Gallery for Photography (GAF), Hannover,??achtens? SEZ Berlin,??Ihr ko?nnt euch niemals sicher sein? Centre d＊Art Passarelle, Brest. He graduated from?Ostkreuz School for Photography in Berlin in 2014 and has been published in?Wired.com; The Huffington Post; VICE.com &?Der Greif Online.
What is your work about? There are over 300 spa towns in Germany. I travelled to 40 of them. People go there for health aspects but also recreationally. I wondered whether these places have a unifying aesthetic and if it transcends the mere facade of the created environment. To me there was always an ambivalence in the observed, aesthetically and emotionally, as I believe it must be felt by many patients when returning from beautiful nature to the sterile clinic interior.
anthony-fusco-boston-ma-united-states
Short bio: Anthony Fusco (b. 1993) grew up in upstate New York and is currently living in Boston, Massachusetts. He is pursuing his BFA in Photography at the Massachusetts College of Art and Design and will be graduating this May. His work is largely inspired by experiences within the natural world, domestic relationships, his desire for discovery, and a yearning for knowledge.
What is your work about? In my recent body of work, ※Not Dark, But Almost,§ I have been investigating darkness in both a physical and psychological sense. My photographs aim to create tension between the natural world, and domestic life. Approaching landscapes and portraiture with the same investigative eye, my subjects begins to visually and metaphorically depend upon one another to exist.
aldobranti-fosco-fornio-petersfield-uk
Short bio: MA with Distinction in Fine Art from Winchester School of Art in 2014. Earlier graduate and postgraduate degrees were in Mathematics. A full list of recent exhibitions is maintained at http://Aldobranti.eu/#!info/bio.php
What is your work about? Iteratively themes of Self and Other, companionship and internal dialogue; tentatively drawing with laser pointer into long exposure shots, no tactile feedback/visual record of the laser＊s path.?The cast Shadow as a permanent companion to Self; like a wildlife photographer, catch my own shadow by surprise. Disrupt dialectic of Figure/Ground, Shadow a natural counterpart to Ground defining Figure in painting or photography.?Habitat of Shadow, response of earth to 3D world of figure and narrative.
joel-stevenett-vancouver-bc-canada
Short bio: Born in Niagara Falls, Ontario, Joel Stevenett is a photographer based in Vancouver, British Columbia. He finds himself increasingly preoccupied with contemporary Canadian culture through the examination of everyday gatherings, routines and rituals. Joel＊s currently working on a project about the BC Interior and has recently become intrigued by The Kingsway, one of the longest roads in Vancouver.
What is your work about? As an avid collector and photographer, I have conceived a new project with my current Water Pipe series. I began collecting and curating what I consider a type of ※outsider art§ that had been created by diverse individuals for a particular function and use. By combining various materials usually found within their reach and in some cases, with the most comical primitivism, these unintentional ※sculptors§ have built unique and personal water pipes worthy of interest beyond their intended purpose.
daniel-ali-london-uk-2
Short bio: Daniel Ali (b. 1985, lives in London) is a fine art documentary photographer who completed his BA and MA between 2005 每 2010. Daniel also works as a freelance camera operator and assistant in film making and video production as well as working as a film and digital projectionist.?Daniel＊s photography documents various lives, environments and cultures around the world. He displays staged portraits in direct juxtaposition to straight documentary imagery, in doing so offers alternative perceptions.
What is your work about? These photos come from an ongoing portrait series that highlights the relationship between subject and camera. Using a photographic process from the 1800＊s referred to as collodion wet plate photography, each portrait takes about 15 minutes from preparing each individual glass or tin plate to shooting and processing the image. Each subject must hold a pose for somewhere between ten and thirty seconds, the process allows time to play a part in the final outcome of each portrait.
aaron-blum-pittsburgh-pa-united-states
Short bio: Aaron Blum is a proud eighth-generation Scots-Irish Appalachian from the hills of West Virginia. He has always been aware of the views that others hold of his home, and his artwork is a product of his exploration of what it means to be Appalachian. After graduating with degrees in photography from West Virginia University and Syracuse University, Aaron moved to Pittsburgh where he now teaches at Carnegie Mellon University and West Virginia University.
What is your work about? Appalachia pulls at me like a haunted memory. It is a place where dark corners and secrets are kept and folklore thrives. Human nature moves us to classify the things that make up our world. This self-made dialect is called folk taxonomy, and this type of language and folklore helps to create regional identities. ※A Guide To Folk Taxonomy§ infuses Appalachian mystery with pseudo-scientific study as well as personal experience as a lifetime Appalachian. These images are my personal folklore.
marc-newton-savannah-ga-united-states
Short bio: Marc Newton is a conceptual landscape photographer working in Savannah, GA. He has a BA from Brevard College, and an MFA in Photography from Savannah College of Art and Design. His work has been included in solo and group exhibitions throughout the US including: Non-Fiction Gallery, Savannah, GA; Bradford Washburn Mountaineering Museum, Golden, CO; Newspace Center for Photography, Portland, OR; O2 Gallery, TX. He currently works as a staff photographer for Savannah College of Art and Design.
What is your work about? Generally, my work investigates the complex sanctuaries where culture and nature intersect. My series ※The Extended Frontier§ focuses on landscapes photographed behind roadside barriers that traverse both the space and frame. This separation represents a romantic perception of a constantly transforming space. On the other hand, my series ※Constructed Paradise§ employs the use of mannequins to provide a confrontational human surrogate to suggest an aesthetic demand we seek within the landscape.
ioana-cirlig-bucharest-romania
Short bio: Ioana C?rlig is a freelance documentary photographer. She studied Cinematography and worked for a few years as a staff photographer for newspapers in Bucharest. Since 2010 she has been working on independent self-assigned long term documentary projects.?Her personal projects have been published in photography magazines worldwide (Inge Morath Magazine, LensCulture, F-Stop Magazine, Feature Shoot, Archivo, Lucida, It＊s Nice That etc). In 2015 she won 2nd place at the Lensculture Exposure Awards.
What is your work about? I am interested in the relationship between man and his environment in this time of change for Romania. I want to explore how these changes influence people＊s lives and how they are reflected in the landscape- natural, urban, industrial and emotional. For the last two years I have been living in two small mining towns documenting the effects of deindustrialization and life in these communities.
julia-grassi-london-uk
Short bio: Julia Grassi is a photographer based in London. Originally from France, Julia grew up in Marseille before moving to the UK where she gained a Bachelor of Art from Central Saint Martins, she works between Europe and Japan. Images are for her a language where she can explore what is beyond appearances and discover people＊s inner worlds by investigating the concept of memory and how it is triggered through physical perception.
What is your work about? In my series ※Romantic Melancholy§, I have attempted to record a little girl＊s everyday life that has been affected by a life threatening condition. We see her oscillating between illusion and reality, and whilst it is not a simple chronological documentation of her illness, it attempts to capture moments, emotional triggers which open up a space for the inner world to be revealed.
denise-tarantino-san-francisco-ca-united-states
Short bio: Denise Tarantino is a Fine Arts photographer and avid cross-country road traveler. She specializes in capturing the hidden treasures within offbeat objects, roadside stops, and urban environments. ?She achieved a BFA in Design & Photography from Kutztown University. She later continued her photographic studies at?International Center for Photography, Continued Education, New York, NY.
What is your work about? My Roadside Caching series is about the juxtaposition of people and the serenity of nature, add to that angles, shadows and light, and mystery, irony and humor come together in a single photograph. My Roadside Caching series is a tribute to the blending views of nature and the offbeat and inspirational designs of its people.
harald-wawrzyniak-graz-austria-2
Short bio: I was born 1987 in Carinthia, Austria. In 2012 i took all my stuff and moved out to Graz, where i currently live and work. Photography was unknowingly there all the time till i discovered my first Dslr in 2009. I＊ve studied at the Academy of Applied Photography where i found the Passion for Analogue Photography.
What is your work about? Caravans 每 invented in 1931 by Arist Dethleffs for his wife Fridel Edelmann.?She came up with a desire of having something like a gipsy＊s van for traveling together.?Since edification, they＊re giving humanity the possibility to travel the world while carrying their conversant space.?This series tries to give this intimate feel of a ※Home Sweet Home§ to the viewer and should remind him of his roots.?Closing the gap between homesickness and wanderlust.
stefano-martellucci-battaglia-terme-italy
Short bio: I was born in Milan in 1970, I lived in Pescara (central Italy) to 18 ∼ and after I moved in Veneto, where I＊m living now. I felt in love with photography as a teenager when I was stealing the Minolta XG1 of my father and I took photographies with Kodachrome, without even knowing what I was using. I＊m an amateur photographer because I separate my passion from the profession, so that I can live the photography in the best moments of my life.
What is your work about? In this serie I look for the concentration, silence, solitude that allows me to meet the ghosts that have steeped in history which places. The treasures and the truth that I carry from the zones are my photographs: some this truth is a truth documentary, a conscious use of the image to preserve the memory of something, for me it are incursions into the soul, from which no returns the reality, but a truth.
rylan-steele-columbus-ga-united-states
Short bio: Rylan Steele is an established artist and Associate Professor of Photography at Columbus State University. Rylan has exhibited photographs in numerous regional and national exhibition spaces over the last few years. His work has been included in exhibitions at the Georgia Museum of Contemporary Art, the Houston Center for Photography, the Light Factory in Charlotte, the Ogden Museum of Southern Art, and the Detroit Center for Photography.
What is your work about? The photographs included in this submission focus on the Catholic community of Ave Maria, Florida, which was established by Tom Monaghan, founder of Domino＊s Pizza. Ave Maria, established in 2007, is not a gated community, but it does exist in a remote location primarily bordered by rural communities and wildlife conservation areas. My interests lie in looking at the place, to observe how the community develops following its artificial creation.