laurence-hervieux-gosselin-montreal-canada
Short bio: Laurence Hervieux-Gosselin (1991) is an emerging photographer based in Montreal. She studied scriptwriting and communications at Universit¨¦ du Qu¨¦bec ¨¤ Montr¨¦al and is in the midst of completing a BFA in Photography at Concordia University. Her work has been shown at Galerie Aux Vues and Cin¨¦ma Ex-Centris in Montreal and at The Old Truman Brewery in London. In 2014, she was shortlisted for the Ideastap Photographic Award with Magnum Photos.
What is your work about? Using the suburbs and rural countryside of Quebec as a backdrop, I explore the strangeness of the places I frequent in my daily life. By using a cinematic approach in my work, I attempt to create narratives and build a world that is intriguing and uncanny.
steffen-kloster-poulsen-goteborg-sweden
Short bio: I am a 26-year old Danish photographer currently studying a BA in fine art photography at Academy Valand in Gothenburg, Sweden. My dad used to take a lot of photos when I was a kid and he often turned our bathroom into a darkroom, and when I was 10 years old he gave me my first camera.
What is your work about? My work tries to explore the relationship between technology, time and space, and how these concepts can be manipulated, cut, frozen and extended through photography. But more simply, it is a way of expressing myself.?This particular project was shot in Tokyo under an exchange program and is me trying to depict the sensations of a 13 million people city having grown up in a village of 1000 inhabitants. I developed a process of multiexposure in my Rolleiflex to reflect the confusion, fascination, alienation and overwhelming impressions.
alan-knox-glasgow-uk
Short bio: Having graduated from City of Glasgow College in 2012 where I was the recipient of the City of Glasgow College/StreetLevel Photoworks Prize, I have since completed my studies at the Glasgow School of Art where I was awarded the Chairman¡¯s Medal and Dissertation Prize. In 2015 was named as a finalist in the Daniel Blau Gallery¡¯s 5 Under 30 exhibition and the Jill Todd Photo Award whilst being chosen as one of 20 art graduates selected for Creative Review¡¯s UK-wide talent spotting feature in association with JCDecaux and Creative Translation. My practice has been published extensively, including in the British Journal of Photography, Financial Times, BBC In Pictures, Creative Review, Fotografia and the Scottish Society for the History of Photography, alongside having been exhibited internationally at Kaunas Gallery, Lithuania and the Calumet Gallery, New York. Prints from my Universal Sympathy project are held in the permanent collection of the Glasgow School of Art.
What is your work about? My practice focuses on photography as a means of revealing universal truths not immediately evident to the naked eye, with particular focus on the sublime and uncanny.?Scattering the cremated ashes of my Grandfather, Duncan Marshall onto photographic paper as photograms, a vision of the universe appears in which one can see almost as far back in time as the Big Bang, reconnecting the remains of the dead with the origin of all life. Through the trace cast by the ash, a black hole emerges in which the void left by the other is made evident, questioning the photograph as a sublime object where the limits of our imagination may be revealed.?For Immanuel Kant, the sublime was not to be found in any object of nature for no infinity to be found in the cosmic landscape could match the infinite scope of the human mind. By comparing the remains of my Grandfather to the infinite expanse of space through the analogue trace, one may perceive the sublime as residing in the liminal space between the finite edges of the photographic print and the limits of the human imagination.
joel-stevenett-vancouver-bc-canada-2
Short bio: Joel Stevenett (b. 1980) is a photographer born in Niagara Falls who examines the fringes of Canadian society and culture through his work. His process and resulting images are informed by his background in design and growing up in one of Canada¡¯s transient border towns. His work has been featured in numerous print and on-line publications including Esquire, Die Zeit and Excerpt Magazine. Most recently, he was one of four photographers chosen as part of Captured 2015, a group show at the Newspace Center for Photography. He currently resides in Vancouver with his partner and dog, where he continues to work on photo based projects.
What is your work about? In 2015 I returned to Hamilton for the first time in 6 years spurred by a report that one of the largest steel mills in the city would be ceasing operations at the close of the year, ending an era in the city¡¯s history. In stark contrast to his adopted home of Vancouver, whose skyline of glittering, high-rise condos is relatively recent, Hamilton¡¯s roots are firmly established with a strong sense of identity and community. For several years Hamilton has been part of a larger transformation that¡¯s occurring in many cities within North America¡¯s rust belt, from a city centred on manufacturing and industry to a city with an uncertain future. This project is meant as a visual accompaniment to the city that exists in my mind, a reconciliation between the place that can no longer be visited and the current city that is undergoing a major transformation.
fionnbharr-o-suilleabhain-maputo-mozambique
Short bio: Irish artist Fionnbharr ¨® S¨²illeabh¨¢in currently lives and works in Maputo, Mozambique. ¨® S¨²illeabh¨¢in has exhibited internationally, and his prints are included in the Royal Scottish Academy, among other prestigious collections.?He served as a consultant and proof reader for the calotype chapter in the latest edition of Christopher James¡¯ Book of Alternative Photographic Processes, and has appeared on British television demonstrating the calotype process in an episode of ¡°Britain¡¯s Secret Homes¡±, presented by Rankin and featuring the Rock House studio of 19th century calotypists Hill and Adamson.?In addition to calotypes, ¨® S¨²illeabh¨¢in works in wet and dry collodion processes and is currently researching the work of Sir John Kirk, the abolitionist British diplomat who accompanied David Livingstone on his Zambesi expedition of 1858 to 1864, making calotype images in Mozambique.
What is your work about? The calotype processes, for the most part, are very slow. Exposure times of 6 to 30 minutes are usual. So I tend to focus my calotype work on architecture and landscape since they don¡¯t tend to move. Over the last two years I have been exploring traces of the colonial past in Mozambique through the architecture and landscape. The fact that people do not usually appear in the images by reason of the lengthy exposures gives the resulting images a more timeless quality which resonates well with historical themes.
joseph-wright-purton-uk-2
Short bio: I am a photographer, published author and maker of photography books based in a semi-rural area of southern England.
What is your work about? Using the mediums of photography and books I reveal stories of the land and how we inhabit it, developed through a long relationship and deep affinity with the countryside and edgelands. My work is instinctive in response to place and event. It is frequently rooted in history, toponymy and topography. Endeavouring to unwind time and peel back the layers of culture and memory creating work to move beyond the simple aesthetic to reveal a deeper understanding of my subjects. The images submitted form part of an ongoing series of work entitled ¡®The lost forest¡¯. A project that allows me to study what forms permanence and boundary in the landscape.?¡®The Lost Forest¡¯: In 1215 AD King John of England was compelled to agree, by one of the articles of Magna Carta, to the disafforesting of all the great tracts of country which had been made ¡®royal¡¯ forest during his own reign. Latterly after John¡¯s death special perambulations, the creation of legal forest boundary records, were ordered to be made by twelve knights elected for the purpose.?I use those historical 13th century records to re-trace and re-assert the ancient boundary of what was once one of the largest of these royal forests, Bradon Forest; where I live today. A boundary once defined so permanent in ancient forest law as ¡°forests must be mered and bounded with unremovable marks¡­ as if they were enclosed by a wall¡±.?This is a modern perambulation of a forest that no longer exists¡­
kumi-oguro-antwerp-belgium
Short bio: Kumi Oguro is born in Japan in 1972.?Her study of photography started in London in 1996, followed by further development at Koninklijke Academie voor Schone Kunsten (Royal Academy of Fine Arts) in Antwerp until 2003. ?Next to photography, she also experimented with video and installation in a postgraduate program, Transmedia in Brussels. Her research theme in the program was ¡®Photographic film and Filmic photography¡¯, in other words, the relation between still and moving image. This subject is also treated later on in her thesis for the master course, Filmstudies en Beeldcultuur (Film studies and Image Culture) at the University Antwerp in 2006, with the title ¡®About the ¡°filmic¡± in photography¡¯. After this study, she concentrates again in de development of her photographic work. ?Recent years, Oguro has participated in exhibitions in Belgium and also in Denmark, Finland, Portugal, Germany, The Netherlands, France and Japan.?Her first book NOISE was published from Le caillou bleu (Brussels) in 2008.?She lives and works in Antwerp since 1999.
What is your work about? I am intrigued by the images of our dreams just before awakening: it is difficult to find the logic there, there is nothing to indicate time, the space is indeterminate. In my work, I try to create an atmosphere that is quite close to those dream images. During the shooting, everything seems to be under my control.?I examine the (day) light in advance, according to my planning I build up a scene and fix the pose of the (female) models, as if they are dolls.?Still, I leave a certain space for what happens on the spot: unexpected light effects or a subtle change in the pose of the model¡­?The faces of the models are hidden. It is not clear whether we see a frozen moment of what was going on (whatever it is) or rather if they are waiting to be awakened from a long, long sleep. It is important for me to keep this ambiguity.?These anonymous women are balancing on a thin line between the childlike and the sensual, the fragile and the destructive, the tragic and the playful.
josee-schryer-montreal-canada
Short bio: I was born and raised in rural Qu¨¦bec, Canada.I am currently based in Montr¨¦al. I graduated with an MFA in Photography from the University of Hartford and a BFA at Concordia University in Photography and Art History. I am a co-founder of the Photobook Club Montr¨¦al. My first monograph, ¡°sur-la-Rouge¡±, was published by Peperoni Books in 2016.
What is your work about? I am interested in culture, traditions, folklore and stories. I am curious about people¡¯s attachement to the places where they grew up or chose to live, as well as how it reflects on their identity and communities. I¡¯m especially interested in the photobook in which I see great potential for storytelling. 
melanie-eclare-totnes-uk
Short bio: Melanie Eclare is a photographer based in the south west of England, currently studying for an MA in Photography and the Land at Plymouth University. Her photographs have been extensively published in the UK and internationally in books and publications. As one of the leading UK garden photographersMelanie worked for the Saturday and Sunday Times, Saturday and Sunday Telegraph, U. S Garden Design Magazine, World of Interiors, Country Life, Country Living, Gardens Illustrated and House and Garden Magazine. Gardening editor and photographer for Red Magazine she also contributed to many books as well as having her own books published by Quadrille, Kyle Cathie and Weidenfeld and Nicolson working alongside writers such as Elspeth Thompson and Tom Petherick.
What is your work about? The broad theme of Melanie¡®s work is an exploration of Nature Deficit Disorder. This describes the current divorce between human and habitat; an alienation from nature that negatively affects children and adults alike. Ever increasing screen time and over protective or disfunctional parenting alienates us from an innate sense of place and self as part of the rhythm and cycles of life. This is an issue that is effecting all of us now and will only continue to become more prominent as an issue for the 21st century and the new generations to come.?Allied with this exploration is a search for meaning beyond the impact of being disconnected from one¡¯s own nature, through the impact of intergenerational trauma. It seems that most of us are carrying within us the affects of the challenges of previous generations, sometimes acted out in family situations by this generation or often hidden away until something critical brings them to light, such as an illness or catastrophe. Melanie is looking beneath the immediately visible, at deeper layers of discontent that exist beyond surface narrative and stripping away the mask to reveal autobiographical details hidden within the context of her images.
carson-reeher-williamsburg-va-united-states
Short bio: Carson Reeher is a photographer based out of Farmville,VA. She earned her BFA from Longwood University in 2016. Her work explores the relationship between people and place. Her images often ask questions of community, class division and the impact of time.
What is your work about? This series looks at small town life in America through the documentation of Farmville, VA. Photographed using a large format 4¡Á5 camera, and black and white film, these photographs seek to reveal life in a town that simultaneously is growing and shrinking, stuck in the past while seeking a future, fading away yet here, still.
chris-round-sydney-australia
Short bio: I¡¯m a Fine Art photographer, based in Sydney, Australia. I studied at both Canterbury College of Art and the School of Communication Arts in the UK, and also Sydney College Of Art in Australia. I¡¯ve also had a career in advertising, winning many international accolades including a coveted Grand Prix at Cannes. I have exhibited widely in group shows and as a solo artist both in Australia and overseas with my two most notable solo shows being ¡®Evidence¡¯, curated by the highly respected curator Sandy Edwards, and Transient Realities that was a featured exhibition at the HeadOn Festival in 2014. My work has also been awarded both locally and internationally, highlights include: Shortlisted World Photo Awards; HeadOn Landscape Prize ¨C Finalist each year; Winner CLIP Regional Landscape Prize; 3rd place QCP ¡®Space & Place¡¯; Twice finalist and Honourable Mention Exposure NY; Winner Best Architectural Image, Kodak Salon Awards, selected Josephine Ulrick & Win Schubert Prize.
What is your work about? I am primarily interested in documenting the everyday world around me, with a particular interest in landscapes featuring human interventions that visually activate their surroundings in strangely compelling ways. I am drawn to spaces that convey surreal or fictitious narratives, fortuitously photogenic environments that I try to carefully document rather than photographically exaggerate. Some of my work also explores the notion of place in the context of my dual citizenship of Australia and the UK. Often my Australian landscapes are shot under the soft light of overcast days, conditions more in keeping with my younger days in England ¨C the muted tones portray an evenly balanced sense of place: an Australian scene with an ¡®English¡¯ sky.
marc-newton-binghamton-ny-united-states
Short bio: Marc Newton is an artist based in Binghamton, NY. He has a BA in Arts from Brevard College (NC), and an MFA in Photography from Savannah College of Art and Design (GA). He also studied anthropology in Griffith University (QLD Australia). ?His work has been included in solo and group exhibitions throughout the United States including: Bradford Washburn American Mountaineering Museum, Golden CO; Georgia Museum of Contemporary Art, Atlanta, GA; Non-Fiction Gallery, Savannah GA; New Space Center for Photography, Portland, OR; O2 Gallery, Austin, TX. ?He currently works as a Photography Specialist/ Digital Media Technician at Binghamton University in New York
What is your work about? Visions of pristine landscapes and thoughts of paradise confront and manifest myths of perfection and immortality. While paradise often lies within the eye of the beholder, the illusive entity exists through romantic representation and visual associations.?Before this year and for the last decade, I have lived in Asheville, NC and Savannah, GA. These Southern cities are known for their immense beauty and cultural significance in both art and culture. However my influence grew from their connection and reliance on the natural landscape and the tourist industry. Both are life blood to their existences. My work plays off this intersection as I investigate where paradise is found, and how it is created. This series, ¡°,¡± focuses on a small agricultural area called Redland which is located twenty miles south of Miami. Redland is a place where the unique tropical climate creates a firm infrastructure in growing exotic plants including hundreds of types of fruits including mango, avocado, lychee and jackfruit. Along with exotic fruit, the farms of Redland also supply the United States with exotic palm trees, such as the ones found in the planters in shopping malls, airports, restaurants, as well as at your local Home Depot or Lowes.?The palm tree is a timeless symbol of warmth, having roots in biblical ideology, and modern associations with paradise. With this in mind, I explore its junction with consumerism. The photographs of the Redland agricultural area serve to highlight the region¡¯s endless cultural and physical beauty, but also to address a tangible interpretation of paradise.
james-cooper-petaluma-ca-united-states
Short bio: Gallery 110, mixed media juried group exhibition, juried by Melissa Feldman, independent curator and faculty at Seattle¡¯s Cornish College of the Arts, the California College of Art, the San Francisco Art Institute and Goldsmith¡¯s College in London, Seattle, WA. Juror award: Field #12. 2016. Prix de la Photographie Paris (PX3) Annual competition, international juried group exhibition, various jurors. Honorable mention: Agriculture Series. 2015.?Marin Museum of Contemporary Art, mixed media juried group exhibition, juried by Nancy Meyer, Curatorial Assistant of Contemporary Art, Los Angeles County Museum of Art (LACMA), Los Angeles, CA, 2015.?Prix de la Photographie Paris (PX3) ¡°White¡± competition, international juried group exhibition, various jurors. Honorable mention: White Barn. 2015.?Sanchez Art Center, mixed media juried group exhibition, juried by Cathy Kimball, Chief Curator, San Jose Institute of Contemporary Art, San Jose, CA, 2015.?The Center for Fine Art Photography, juried group exhibition, juried by Susan Spiritus, Director, Susan Spiritus Gallery, Newport Beach, CA, 2014.?Sanchez Art Center, mixed media juried group exhibition, juried by Jenny Gheith, assistant curator for painting and sculpture, San Francisco Museum of Modern Art (SFMOMA), San Francisco, CA, 2014. The Photo Review, juried group exhibition, juried by Jennifer Blessing, Senior Curator of Photography, Guggenheim Museum, New York, NY, 2014.?The Art of Photography Show, juried group exhibition, juried by Julia Dolan, The Minor White Curator of Photography, Portland Art Museum, Portland, OR, 2013.?International Photography Awards (Lucie Foundation), juried group exhibition, various jurors. Honorable mention: Agriculture Series. 2013.
What is your work about? Suggestive of Precisionism, the work is characterized by the reduction of compositions to simple shapes and underlying geometrical structures, with clear outlines, minimal detail, unexpected viewpoints and framing, and an emphasis on the abstract form of the subject.?In the style of American Precisionists, the subjects are from the American landscape, regional American culture, and long-familiar American scenes, such as agricultural structures and domestic architecture. Even conventional motifs are treated in this style.?¡°Artist friends would say to me, snickering a little, ¡®What can a camera do in making art. It is just a camera¡¯. Then one of them asks for help in making an image with a camera (a backlit telephone pole with just the foot pegs lit). We made it, he showed it at Otis (College of Art and Design) and people said ¡®Wow, that¡¯s cool¡¯.¡±?By using just a camera and film, and not altering the film image in printing a photograph, what kind of images can be made??Really the image should be an experience. It should shift you. Make you smile maybe. Remember when you were a child how a simple little thing could galvanize your entire being ¨C time stood still and you felt totally connected to the world ¨C there was a feeling of total contentment?
marine-lanier-crest-france
Short bio: Marine Lanier holds an MFA from the Ecole Nationale Sup¨¦rieure de la Photographie (ENSP-Arles, France, 2007). She brings personal and collective memories back to life through the sensorial supports of photography. Her research is situated within this fold, between the past and the present where residual apparitions of previous ages and distant places return to the surface of an internalized world. Her work has been exhibited both nationally and internationally. She won severals prizes or grants : Prix Arca Swiss, Prix Photographie Maison Blanche#3. She has been selected for other prizes : La Nuit de l¡®instant (Marseille), Les Boutographies (Montpellier), Descubrimientos, PHoto Espa?a, (Madrid), Voies off / Rencontres Internationales de la Photographie d¡®Arles, Emergentes DST / Encontros da imagem (Braga), First Book Award / Mack editions (Londres). She was part of several group shows, at the Michele Chomette Gallery (Paris), at La Biennale de la Photographie de Mulhouse, at The Sams?n Gallery (Boston), at Th¨¦ophile Paper¡¯s (Bruxelles), during The Biennale d¡®Art Contemporain de Lyon, at Galerie Mad, at galerie La Traverse, at Frac PACA (Marseille), at the festival Itin¨¦raires des photographes voyageurs (Bordeaux), at CAC des Adh¨¦mar (Mont¨¦limar), at Artoth¨¨que of Grenoble, during the PhotoIreland festival (Dublin), during the festival Jeune Cr¨¦ation at the Galerie Thaddaeus Ropac, indeed at The Progress Gallery (Paris). Marine Lanier¡¯s work has been shown in solos exhibitions at Lux Sc¨¨ne Nationale (Valence), Espace JB (Gen¨¨ve), Chengdu Blueroof Art Museum (Chine). Her work will be published by Poursuite Editions in a monography at the autumn 2016.
What is your work about? ELDORADO (2013) It is minimalist serie, comprising images taken in the greenhouses of a nursery in South Eastern France. The place where my father worked for seventeen years. When I rediscovered the nursery it had completely changed but I found traces, remnants of what I had known in the 80¡¯s. Certain trees were still there but much bigger. When one makes contact again with a place from ones childhood there is often a huge discrepancy between the immensity of ones childhood memory and the small scale of ones adult perception. In this case the location had been abandoned several time, an unusual phenomenon was that it had known periods of prosperity and decline, the space had grown and the greenhouses had multiplied. I felt a sensation akin to that of the hatching of a chrysalis, a sensation no doubt reinforced by the semi circular forms of the greenhouses. Throughout this series, the influence of Werner Herzog who particularly influenced my work. Aguirre Wrath of God is a direct reference point ; men leaving to conquer Eldorado. By definition Eldorado is that which we never reach, that which remains out of our reach, which escapes us, in brief that which hides from us. I chose also this title because it takes us back to childhood, to that which is lost and which we seek. My work pulls between these two poles, the familiar, the very close and a fascination for elsewhere, distant horizons and everything linked to conquests and departures.
angela-neto-bern-switzerland
Short bio: ?ngela Neto was born in 1985 in Lisbon, Portugal, where she lived, studied, and worked until 2014, at which point she moved to Switzerland. She started photographing in 2006 when she has introduced by a friend to a darkroom. She graduated in Art and Heritage Studies but at the same time she also studied photography in Ar.Co Lisbon and, due to her growing interest in other art forms, she made the Advanced Course in Visual Arts at the same school. Currently she is working on her Master in Contemporary Arts Practice in the Hochschule der K¨¹nste Bern and she lives and develops projects between Lisbon and Bern.
What is your work about? In this series I wanted to capture the atmosphere present in the mountains of Sierra de Gredos, separating the north side from the south side focussing on the fact that, although the vegetation varies between the two regions, the atmosphere that one experiences in both sides is very similar.?I also wanted to capture the effort to reach remote places, lonely and uninhabited, where there is nothing but topography and the only thing to admire and describe are shapes and textures.
anastasiya-lazurenko-odessa-ukraine
Short bio: Born in 1987, Lugansk, Ukraine.
What is your work about? Taking a picture is always the highest state of meditation and uniting with absolute. I am for gonzo art to go very deep inside and investigate my self development in the environment ¨C freaking out, going to the devil and coming to the light, transgressing everything. There are two aspects that I treat as a medium ¨C artwork capturing raw authentic women¡¯s beauty and documentary covering contemporary spiritual seeking and transcendental experience. My artwork captures the deepest wild authentic sexuality of Eastern European girls in ordinary contemporary Ukrainian environment. One of my muses died suffering from anorexia and from that my work changed completely ¨C I stopped retouching and use only film-cameras, it allows to get closer to that direct energy flow, to go beyond the form. I go further inside and fade to show the woman¡¯s psyche. I study mystics of photography.
stephen-segasby-kings-lynn-uk-2
Short bio: am predominantly a Landscape photographer, printer and occasional book maker. I use a variety of craft based techniques including: Silver Gelatin; Platinum/Palladium and Albumen printing in my work. Photogravure and Wet plate collodion are current areas of interest that are a work in progress. I seek to engage with the changing face of the natural and civilised world. The wildness of Natural Landscapes is where I find my truest self living a life of transcendentalism, if only for a short while. Exploration of the cultural landscape challenges my perception of, and stimulates a reaction to, modern society. I seek to engage with and respond to landscape on a physical, mental and emotional level, experiencing the senses of place. Creating images beyond simple aesthetic, collecting fragments of my journey to question the past and the present with an eye on the future. I am interested in how humanity will change the face of this wondrous planet during the Anthropocene. I often use metaphor, a hint of melancholy, a touch of irony and believe in the importance of sequence in my work.
What is your work about? In May 2015 I had the opportunity to spend some time alone in the Forest of Dean. The forest that crosses the English Welsh border is one of the few surviving ancient woodlands of England.?Being alone in the woods below the bows of towering deciduous trees brings a variety of sensorial experiences of the natural world. It conjures a sense of peace, contentment, awe and wellbeing. But as the light fades and the gloom descends or the mist of a wet day limits vision our other senses become heightened, noises become louder creating a more acute response. Against the backdrop of wandering boar, the scent of wild garlic, the caw of carrion and the sighing of the bows above, you cannot help but be whisked to a place of folklore; of stories of dread; of ghosts and demons; faeries, bogarts and witches.?On leaving I was sure that I had some negatives that would convey the senses and experiences of my time in the woodland. I couldn¡¯t have been prepared for the results. On developing the film I found most of them scattered with dark shadows creeping and oozing across the landscape. Manifestations of something malevolent perhaps? The hidden intrigue surfacing?A tale of something long before? The more I looked the more I saw elements at work within the images. Spirits of the forest lingering? Perhaps it was the serendipity of film or failure or was it something more? A Manifestation of the Genius Loci: Spirit of Place.
stine-danielle-marasigan-toronto-canada
Short bio: Stine Danielle Marasigan (b.1993) is a Filipino-Canadian artist currently based in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.?She is a candidate for a BFA in photography at Ryerson University¡¯s School of Image Arts.
What is your work about? The root of my photographic practice stems from personal history and trauma. As a result, I use photography as an act of therapy: a way to analyze, understand, and heal from experience. In my most recent series, After You, I incorporate self-portraiture, staged imagery, and return to places of my past to investigate spaces altered by experience, presence and withdrawal.
yanina-shevchenko-barcelona-spain
Short bio: Yanina Shevchenko is a Russian-born photographer and curator based in Barcelona, Spain. She is a graduate of Goldsmiths, University of London, and studied urban planning and photography at Moscow Academy of Photography, Volgograd State University of Architecture and the International Center of Photography, New York. Her interests in photography and architecture are urban development, rural landscape and community.?Since 2008 she has worked in New York, Moscow, Buenos Aires, London and Barcelona as a photographer, events producer and curator. Her credits include generating and curating exhibitions and events in London, New York, Barcelona and Colombia for Goldsmiths, University of London, the Urban Photographers Association and Urban Photo Fest. ?In addition, she has conducted portfolio reviews, facilitated and presented projects internationally. Highlights include Third Affect, FOTO8, London, UK, the 1st Fuji Film ¡®Visual Narratives¡¯ symposium, Bogota?, Colombia and the City to Sea Project, New York, USA. The Velvet Cell published her photo project, ¡®Crossing Over¡¯ in 2012 and she won the 1st PhotoVoice photography awards in London, 2015.
What is your work about? My photography practice combines social research, visual urbanism and storytelling. ?The project ¡°Welcome to gas capital of Russia¡± is a story of the city of Novy Urengoy. It is situated in Western Siberia, 60 kilometers south of the Arctic Circle. This region characterized by an acutely continental climate with harsh winters lasting up to nine months, with temperatures reaching as low as -50 C. ?Novy Urengoy is often called the capital of Russian gas production. The city was founded in 1975, when the drilling of the first well was completed. In 2013, total gas production had reached 6.5 trillion cubic meters of gas- this is the world record for the production of gas from one field. Novy Urengoy currently yields 74% of Russia¡¯s total natural gas production.?¡°Welcome to gas capital of Russia¡± observes small, commonplace everyday pleasures of the city. In spite of extremely harsh weather conditions, Novy Urengoy is a lively, dynamic and joyful place. In this economically harsh time for Russia, this is a city where people can still feel safe and secure and be confident about what the future will bring.
carlotta-cominetti-paris-france
Short bio: Carlotta Cominetti was born in 1987 in northern Italy.Graduated in Architecture and Society in Milan, she moved to Paris in 2013 where she began to work on imagery and visualisation for architecture. Photography is the base of her work and the goal at the same time.?As (self-taught) photographer she works exclusively with analogue processes.
What is your work about? The photographs included in this submission focus on the hours before an important celebration in Neptuno Street ¨C La Havana, Cuba. My interests lie in looking at the place, to observe people, rituals and joy during the waiting.?You can feel that something is gonna happen but the atmosphere is extremely quiet; people leave their job earlier, take their cars and bring their family at home.?Children play in the street and mothers dealing shopping for the dinner.?Traditional dinner (chickens and pigs) also waiting in the street for the celebration¡­¡­
lydia-panas-kutztown-pa-united-states
Short bio: Lydia Panas¡¯ images have been exhibited widely in the US and internationally. Her work has garnered many prestigious awards and has been featured in periodicals such as The New York Times Magazine, Photo District News and Popular Photography. Her photographs are held in numerous public and private collections including the Brooklyn Museum; Museum of Fine Arts, Houston; Allentown Art Museum of the Lehigh Valley; Museum of Contemporary Photography, Chicago; Museum of Photographic Arts, San Diego; and Zendai MoMA, Shanghai among others. Panas has degrees from Boston College, School of Visual Arts and from New York University/ International Center of Photography. She is the recipient of a Whitney Museum Independent Study Fellowship and is currently a CFEVA Fellow. Her first monograph ¡°The Mark of Abel¡± (Kehrer Verlag) was named a Photo District News Book of 2012, a Best Book by Photo Eye Magazine, as well as a best coffee table book by the Daily Beast.
What is your work about? Women in Black Inspired by early Italian and Flemish painting, with their simple backgrounds and concentration on expression, the photographs in this series focus on connections. For ten years I have been investigating the notion of closeness. My various projects, photographing families, friendships and individuals, gravitate to matters of intimacy, trust and vulnerability.?The photographs in this series depict a longing to be close. By eliminating embellishments, I try to put as little distance between the model and myself as possible. Suspended between a desire to communicate and the fear of being exposed, I describe the ambiguity of connections. Conveying both intensity and restraint, the pictures feel ambivalent. In their emotional complexity, they walk a tightrope between approval and rejection.?The process is intimate, intense and very present. For a moment we understand each other perfectly and in the end, I have a record of our connection
lucas-olivet-geneva-switzerland-2
Short bio: Educated in Vevey Photography School, born in 1985 and based in Geneva, Lucas Olivet photographs everyday things. They have no specific provenance or national identity aside from being found in that place, on that day, at that moment. He won a special prize at The Swiss Photo Awards with the long term serie ?Martisor? in 2014.
What is your work about? ¡°Black Water Ballad¡± (2012-2015) is a True ?huis-clos? around a lake in Canada, this serie is an invitation to travel and to discover stunning nature. I go every summer to a family cottage where I document the lake, the woods and the relationship of man with water. Through a penetrating light, I seek to pay tribute to this wilderness, to detect traces of a certain spirituality in which one finds him/herself living simply, peacefully, with the rhythm of the sun.?Photographed on film from the shore or from a canoe, these images are the result of patient work. The photos are like the black lake¡¯s water¨Csober and intimate. They take us into this relaxing landscape, soaked in sunshine and following such a slow rythmn as if out of time.?For ?Black Water Ballad? I was influenced by John Gossage, the famous photographer of?The Pond¡± and Alex Katz paintings from the way elements repeat. ?Black Water Ballad?¡¯s purpose is to reveal the secret beauty of the place without going through the lyricism. It comes after ?Wentworth? an evolving project around the Laurentian countryside that was presented at the International Photography Festival in Biel in 2013 and then in 2014 at the Festival of young European photography at 104 in Paris.
ryan-gould-santa-barbara-ca-united-states
Short bio: Ryan Harrison Gould (b. 1986) was born in Miami, Florida. His parents were importers of lithographic prints and introduced him to the arts at an early age. For Gould, the process of creating imagery begins with deconstructing the implications of contemporary sexuality. This body of work, titled POV, focuses on identifying the pornographic industry as the organization of power that informs and constructs the limits of our sexual imagination, and through its proliferation, has created a hyper-sexualized world. Drawing influence from popular keywords found in pornographic search results, Gould highlights the non-sexual that has become eroticized through language.
What is your work about? I¡¯m interested in epistemology; specifically, I¡¯m interested in how language and images interact and impact our understanding of the world.?Photographs have long been regarded as unmediated copies of reality, however visual rhetoric suggests that images conceal ideological mystification.?Language, on the other hand, evokes mental images. The mental images produced resonate with our previous experiences with the associated text. This may be lived experience or virtual. In either case, we often neglect to question where certain associations have been formed.?This body of work, titled POV, situates itself within the framework of pornographic click-bait. If one has come to understand words like ¡®wet¡¯, ¡®oral¡¯, ¡®hole¡¯, etc. to be inherently sexual, do we then¡ªwhen primed with these words¡ªactivate some sort of erotic charge?
marinos-tsagkarakis-thessaloniki-greece-2
Short bio: Marinos Tsagkarakis was born (1984) and raised in the island of Crete, in Southern Greece. He studied contemporary photography at STEREOSIS Photography School, in Thessaloniki, Greece. He is a member of the collective ¡°Depression Era¡± that inhabits the urban and social landscapes of the economic crisis in his home country.?His work has been featured in numerous exhibitions and international festivals, including Mois De La Photo in Paris, European Month of Photography in Budapest, Thessaloniki Biennale of Contemporary Art, Athens Biennale, FOCUS Photography Festival in Mumbai and Fotoistanbul. Moreover, he has exhibited his photographs in important art spaces such as Benaki Museum (Athens), Maison Europ¨¦enne de la Photographie (Paris), Museo de Bogot¨¢ (Colombia) and several galleries in Canada, USA and Europe.
What is your work about? My last photographic project is ¡°Paradise Inn¡±. ¡°Paradise Inn¡± is an ongoing photographic project, which started in 2012, aiming to highlight the consequences of this massive and uncontrolled tourist development. In Greece, as in Southern Europe in general, these effects are reflected on the constructed landscape mostly through the unregulated and shoddy architecture, the kitsch and folklore decoration, the construction and adoption of artificial elements and entertainment structures, the falsification of identity and cultural heritage, the violation of the natural environment and finally the desolation that occurs after peak season.?The tourist industry has drastically intruded the land, transforming it into a product while causing several effects with a severe socio-cultural character. Destinations are in danger of losing their original appearance, structure and identity, through a standardization process that aims to satisfy the tourists¡¯ wishes. What is not understood though, is that this process doesn¡¯t degrade only the final product but mostly affects the local societies which have to survive the low periods relying only on the remnants of a seasonal industry.
alastair-bartlett-woodbridge-uk
Short bio: Alastair Bartlett is a recent graduate from UCS Ipswich. He received the Metro Imaging Graduate Award for his third year project ¡®Here We Are¡¯. One of the photographs from this series was also shortlisted for the Renaissance Portrait Prize 2014 which exhibited at Getty Images Gallery, London. Alastair is currently working closely with Metro Imaging and his mentorship program on his ongoing series ¡®Sandlings¡¯. This work intertwines his childhood memories and his innate need to document his surroundings. In 2015 work from the series was exhibited in both the RPS International Print Exhibition and the AOP Awards.
What is your work about? This work intertwines my childhood memories and the innate need to document my surroundings. Going out and making this work allows me to reconnect with the feeling of adventure I had growing up in the Suffolk countryside.The images hint at a subtle balance between intrigue and fear. Each of the pictures aims to send the viewer on a journey through the past and future of the moment of capture. The images have no instant agenda. They are for both me and the viewer.
krista-steinke-houston-tx-united-states
Short bio: Krista Steinke is a lensbased artist who has exhibited widely in the US, as well as internationally. She has a BFA in Studio Art from the School of the Art Institute of Chicago, and a MFA in Photography and Digital Imaging from The Maryland Institute, College of Art. She has received several awards for her work, including a Pennsylvania Foundation for the Arts Fellowship in Photography, an Artist Residency at Light Work, an Image Award from CENTER, Santa Fe, a 2012 Promise Award from the Sustainable Arts Foundation, and a 2007 Critical Mass Top 50 and Book Award Finalist. Her works are represented in major public and private collections, including the Museum of Fine Arts, Houston, Woodmere Museum, Brauer Museum of Art, Johnson & Johnson Corporation, and Fidelity Investments. Her photographs have been featured in The Photo Review, Feature Shoot, Contact Sheet, The Literary Review, EXIT (Spain), Monthly Photography (South Korea), Le Journal de la Photographie (France), and recently, on the cover of the Oxford American.
What is your work about? Driven by curiosity, questions and concerns about the natural world, coupled with a love for working with materials, my work lingers somewhere abstraction, representation, and poetry. The ebb and flow of nature, passing of time, mystery of light, and a longing to understand our complicated relationship to the environment are some of the thematic threads that run through my work. At the root of my practice is the medium of photography itself¨C its history as a tool for both scientific inquiry and artistic expression, its inherent ability to imply and subvert reality, and its unique relationship to the artist and viewer in interpreting experience.
yubo-dong-chicago-il-united-states
Short bio: Yubo Dong finished his Bachelor of Business Administration degrees in Baylor University and studied photography at the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. Influenced by his education in business school, his works largely comments to the power structure in business organizations and in consumer cultures. Yubo¡¯s photographs have been shown in Art Intersection, Arizona; Irvine Fine Art Center, California and Metrogate House, UK. Yubo is currently working in Chicago.
What is your work about? Graduated from a reputable business school with two business degrees, I am confident about my understanding of business lexicons and the meanings and practices behind them. Though observations, researches and studies of commerce and consumerism, I am troubled by business practices that encourages consumption, generate demand for the sole purpose of maximizing profit. I am also compelled by how business school presented themselves as business organizations. Utilizing photography, I address the power structure of profit-driven enterprises, as well as educational industrial complex that normalize and aestheticize perverse conceptions and practices. My works seek flow of authority in business decision that engraves in logos, slogans, adornments, structures, as well as nuances transmitted within interactions of business transactions, and open a wider dialogue in politics and communication.
kamil-sleszynski-bialystok-poland
Short bio: I am a self-taught documentary photographer based in Bialystok, Poland.
What is your work about? I grew up in the neighborhood of the prison. Often I was walking near by the prison walls and watching prisoners. They were standing in the windows bathing in the sun. I was wondering why they were behind the walls. This curiosity stayed with me.
ida-riveros-london-uk
Short bio: Ida Riveros is a Danish/Chilean photographer based in London. She studied photography at the University of the Arts London and currently works as a freelance picture editor and photographer.
What is your work about? This series of images was created during a one-month stay in the mountains south of Granada, in and around the Valle Tropical. A special set of geographical circumstances has created a rare tropical microclimate in the midst of an otherwise Mediterranean dry climate. I am interested in the intersection between its natural beauty and the presence of agriculture and infrastructure.
nicole-schwartz-providence-ri-united-states
Short bio: Nicole is a female photographer from New Jersey. She graduated from Drexel University in Philadelphia, PA with a BS in photography and minors in art history and entrepreneurship. Nicole is currently resides in Providence, RI where she is pursuing her MFA in photography at the Rhode Island School of Design.
What is your work about? This work is a 10 image sequence selection from a larger ongoing body of work, working title Close to Home. Close to Home is photographed in my family home in the Pine Barrens and surrounds my family and I as the characters. I am delving into my own family histories and experiences to create a fictional narrative that becomes obscured variations of my own truths.
everett-smith-boise-id-united-states
Short bio: After beginning an art foundation in high school underneath creative writer and ceramic artist Jerry Hendershot, Everett enrolled at Boise State University as a fine art illustration student. The inspiration of photography¡¯s ability to capture the fleeting nature of moments. Personal exploration caused a shift in artistic attention. And after his second year at school he switched to working in color photography, where he started developing continuous photographic bodies of work.
What is your work about? This work explores the visual of domestic spaces. I mostly walk my way up and down streets and alleys that have characteristics which expose something curious about the community, or about the personal lives of the people living there. These ordinary objects under the right context seem to transform into mysterious almost still life setups. Those candid in between moments where it seems the object has been used for its purpose, but left misplaced it awaits another use. Sometimes only forgotten for a minute, and others a lifetime. They patiently sit as the statues of our actions which tell the stories of past.
luc-pauwels-antwerp-belgium
Short bio: I am a Professor of Visual Research Methods and the Director of the Visual & Digital Cultures Research Center (ViDi) at the University of Antwerp, Belgium. As a visual sociologist and communication scientist, I have published widely on visual research methodologies, visual ethics, family photography, web site analysis, anthropological filmmaking, visual corporate culture, urban culture, and scientific visualization. My most recent monograph ¡®Reframing Visual Social Science. Towards a More Visual Sociology and Anthropology¡¯ (2015, Cambridge University Press) integrates much of my thinking and long standing involvement with the visual study of culture and society. An avid analogue black and white photographer since early childhood, I still hold on to my wet darkroom work. The focus of my ¡®free¡¯ (non-research related) visual work is on urban culture and street photography. My photographic work has been awarded (laureate of the Bi-annual Photography Prize of the Photo Museum Antwerp; First Prize Agfa-Gevaert Benelux Contest, etc.), shown in solo and group exhibitions in Europe and published in venues such as Contexts (ASA), Culture Unbound and Visual Communication (Sage).
What is your work about? My analogue photography focusses on aspects of globalizing urban cultures and on cities as transient repositories of cultural signifiers, multi-authored canvasses of change, power and resistance. The XPANDED CITIES series is a continuation of my earlier 35mm B&W work on urban signification but then with a unique camera: the Hasselblad XPan, a flat back panoramic range finder camera which produces 24 mm by 65 mm negatives on 35mm film (1:2.7 aspect ratio). Panoramic photography from its inception has played a significant and very particular role in efforts to ¡®frame the city¡¯. The resulting images with their extreme image ratio seemed to match the dominant horizontal plane of much of what the city and city life has to offer visually very well and also proved helpful in documenting the vertical dimension of urban high rise sections (not included in this selection of photos). This series of black and white analogue images discloses urban culture through reframing signs and other material markers of human presence in their often unplanned or semi-planned contexts. The day-to-day metabolism of the city may indeed be observed through its artefacts which are as much materializations of norms and values as objects that are constantly being uploaded with new meanings, or re-appropriated to fulfil new functions. The urban social fabric also becomes apparent through depicting routine behavior, incidents, major events and through the various signs and symptoms of how the city is ¡®used¡¯.
maxence-dedry-liege-belgium
Short bio: I graduated in 2011 from the Higher Institute of Art in Saint-Luc Li¨¨ge and I continued my studies in cinematography in the INSAS, Brussels. I now work as a freelance photographer and videographer. My work ¡°Where am I?¡± ¨C https://www.behance.net/gallery/3718954/Where-am-I ¨C has been exhibited several times, including at the ¡°Circulation(s)¡± festival in Paris.
What is your work about? My work tries to be about the Human and its place in society. The District 1 in N¡¯djili ¨C one of Kinshasa¡¯s 24 boroughs -, is the Scrap Market.?These N¡¯djilians dream of elsewhere, but meanwhile it is on elsewhere-bound wrecks they¡¯re working. There¡¯s a history between N¡¯djilians, resale and mechanics. And they¡¯re resisting, despite the eviction attempts, the lack of public support and their second-row position on Lumumba Blvd. Electrical resistance, joint resistance, a resistance to life¡¯s tricky vicissitudes, resistance as a means of survival.?This photographic series is an opportunity to make them travel, to open a window on their everyday lives, their reality, their dreams. The car, the symbol of the American dream, of mobility and exchanges between complete strangers in the back of a cab, transcends boundaries and provides an opportunity to escape for these scrapmen, leaving their walk of life behind, destination: tomorrow.
rachel-jump-chicago-il-united-states
Short bio: (b. 1991, Chicago, Illinois).?Rachel Jump is an art photographer currently based in the Chicago area. Her black and white images explore themes of home, belonging, memory, and absence, and have been exhibited throughout the United States. Rachel¡¯s photographs are represented by Alibi Fine Art in Chicago, IL, and had her first major solo exhibition in November of 2015. She graduated from the Rhode Island School of Design (BFA PH¡¯14), where she received the Harry Koorejian Memorial Scholarship in 2013 and the Haining Family Scholarship in 2012. Her photographs are a part of the RISD Museum Special Collections, where she was also a visiting artist in conjunction with the exhibition, America in View: Landscape Photography 1865 to Now, in 2012. Rachel has taught at the Nantucket Island School of Design and the Arts and Maine Media Workshops + College and spent the last year working as a studio assistant for the photographer, Arno Rafael Minkkinen.
What is your work about? The core of my photographic practice stems from a place of pure empathy- a desire to share my story within the collective human experience. My visual trajectory has always centered on the distant nature of my own family, and my desire to reconnect us. For most of my childhood our lives were scattered over countless households. My disparate memories of these places merely composed a fragmented idea of home. Later in life I began to question how my identity was shaped without a point of origin. As a way to cope with these feelings of isolation, I created a narrative hoping to connect these places and reunite my family. Through this shared experience, my family and I appear to search for one another within the various environments that divided us. As a result of our efforts to find solace and intimacy, I conjured a myth of a home; a sanctuary where my loved ones and I could finally belong.
ruta-kalmuka-riga-latvia
Short bio: I took photography course by master Andrejs Grants (Latvia) in 1992 and from this time comes my love towards analogue photography. I had drawing and painting course also in Latvian Academy of Arts, but I realized it was not for me as I couldn¡¯t sit on one place for a long, I love to wonder around. I started to work as a photographer in daily newspaper in 1998. It was radically opposite way of photography I¡¯ve practiced before, but I felt that it inspired me as well. I was very interested in news photography as well as in portrait photography and the turning point was a seminar ¡°Photojournalism in the Electronic Age: Techniques and Issues¡±, by Paul Martin Lester, Maastricht, Netherlands in 2000. The next important step for me was World Press Photo organized seminar ¡°Young People at Risk¡± for the Baltic States in 2001-2002. Despite my work as a photojournalist, I keep shooting on film every summer and in 2006 was my solo exhibition. And I still love summers when I change digital camera to analogue one.
What is your work about? As every summer we have left the city. It is summer. There is wide space and infinite light. Peace. Children have woken up from winter drowsiness. I am watching them and trying to remember myself. Perhaps it is a story about me.
alena-kakhanovich-warsaw-poland
Short bio: My name is Alena Kakhanovich. I was born in Minsk, Belarus in 1985. Graduated from the Belarusian State University, Faculty of Radiophysics and Electronics, 2008. Since 2011 I am keep on photography, starting to take pictures with Yashica Mat-124G camera and Polaroids. I¡¯ve took part in the collective exhibition ¡°Artery¡± in the centre of contemporary art in Minsk, 2015. Now I¡¯m studing in the Academy of Photography in Warsaw, 2016.
What is your work about? My photos focus on psychology, people and environment relationships. I am also interested in both a memory topic and a mythology in photography. My photos can be characterised as frozen movie frames.
han-shun-zhou-singapore-2
Short bio: Born in Singapore. Photographer and Printmaker, when not doing my day job. I shot my first photograph in my early teens, with my father¡¯s Minolta SRT. It was not until my college days in Nanyang Academy of Fine Arts that photography and printmaking became a lifelong passion for me.
What is your work about? To say life moves fast in a city is an understatement. From daily commuting to eating lunches to causal conversations, people go through life in an uncompromising and chaotic pace. Everyone from the rich to the poor, the fortunate and the unfortunate, the young and the old ¨C moves through the city like a chaotic mass, overcoming and absorbing anything in their path. Time in the city seem to flow quicker, memories in the city tend to fade away faster. Nothing seems to stand still in a city.?With a population of over 7 million and less than 25% of land developed, this makes Hong Kong one of the most densely populated areas in the world. Confronted by the lack of both mental and physical space in this tiny environment, this series attempts to capture my emotional response to this city.
pascal-amoyel-paris-france-2
Short bio:Pascal Amoyel is a photographer, he holds an MFA from the Ecole Nationale Superieure de la Photographie (ENSP-Arles, France, 2005). His work focuses on the relationship between men and their land. It combines the neutrality of ¡®documentary style photography¡¯ and a lyrical approach specific to the photographic process. Specifically, he¡¯s working on the place of photography inside the space of the book. His work has been exhibited both nationally and internationally. Invited by the Mulhouse Biennial of Photography (France), he will have a solo exhibition of his work Not All Rebberg at the Fine Arts Museum of Mulhouse during the 2016 Edition. Published by Poursuite Editions, his book Not All will be released concurrently.Recently, his work was acquired by the Prints and Photographs Department of the Bibliotheque nationale de France, as well as by private collectors. He was part of several group shows at the Michele Chomette Gallery (Paris) : Test your way of seeing (2016), Arborescences (2015) and Image as Place, a French Statement, major exhibition about the future of French photography (2015). Amoyel¡¯s work has been shown at the Houston Center for Photography (33rd Juried Show, juror Russell Lord), at Newspace Center for Photography (Radical Color, curated by Jon Feinstein, 2015), at the Cleveland Museum of Art (Photographers and Books, 2012), at the Morris Museum of Augusta (Ain¡¯t Bad at Art Now, 2014), at Back Gallery Project (Vancouver, 2014). Amoyel curated with Nicolas Giraud the acclaimed exhibitions ¡®Somewhere in Between¡¯ and ¡®Intrusions¡¯ at the Michele Chomette Gallery.
What is your work about? A walk with life and death at the end of winter and at the birth of spring. When purple blooms everywhere along with Lenten churches and wisteria trees. Some of the places and faces that make up the Southeast
That¡¯s not all. These pictures were shot in the States in March and April 2014.
matthieu-litt-liege-belgium-3
Short bio: Matthieu Litt is a Belgium based photographer, mainly working on personal projects.?He received his BA in graphic design and photography from St Luc in Li¨¨ge.?He¡¯s mainly interested in the notion of distance, and how he can visually break and explore it, by blurring the boundaries and landmarks between an image taken in his close surroundings and another from far abroad.?This allows the viewer to wander and maybe raise more questions about what is being depicted. He likes to explore and portray neighbouring spots as well as more remote areas, his last journey taking him around Central-Asia.?His first book issued from the Horsehead Nebula serie has been released in last december.
What is your work about? Over there, there are so many horses that they don¡¯t even bother to name them. This area of the Faristan, wild, unknown and so fantasied about, is a mix of beauty and harshness, landlocked between the trenches of the mountains. It¡¯s a quest for the sublime, for distance, but also for the imagery and beliefs related to its pursuit. It¡¯s like making a waking dream come true. Like catching the feelings of this terrestrial paradise, where the borders are as entangled as the mountain ranges that define them. It¡¯s a state between imagination and conciseness, between the quest and the sense of already having seen these spaces where the people are forged by their environment. A hesitation between mirage and the reality of what is appearing on the horizon, probably because we are more open to being surprised.
frank-machalowski-leipzig-germany
Short bio: I¡¯m Frank Machalowski, a German photographic artist and photographer, born in Berlin who lives and work in Leipzig today. After studying economics in Berlin and applying myself to various trades I work as a freelance photographer and artist since 2011. My major areas of interest are the city and the country side, these two opposite fields with all their major differences and their potential for a perfect interaction become more and more attractive to me.?Some photographs of my series ¡®monster¡¯, ¡®multiexpo¡¯ and ¡®tierwald¡¯ were shown in Germany, France, USA, UK, Spain and Italy at galleries and festivals. I¡¯m part of a permanent collection of the Bibliotheque nationale de France in Paris.?For my artistic projects i work mainly with analogue photographic techniques.
What is your work about? I¡¯m a fine art photographer ¨C black and white ¨C mostly analog. I use multiple exposure and other analog techniques to create a universe that runs parallel to but ultimately departs from our own, existing in the ambiguous realm between real life and make-believe. Photography is a part of my life for more than 20 years. First as a hobby since 2011 as my profession.
mat-hay-edinburgh-uk
Short bio: Mat Hay (b. 1979) is a Scottish documentary, portraiture, and tableau photographer. He began studying during his mid-twenties, going on to receive a BA(Hons) 1st class in Photography and Film at Edinburgh Napier University in 2013. Following this, Hay spent two years in London, developing his practice while working as assistant to a number of internationally renowned documentary and portrait photographers. Since then his work has continued to gain recognition, being chosen for national and international awards, featuring in several online and print publications, while being shown in exhibitions across the UK, USA, Canada, and Korea.
What is your work about? Long Glen 2014 ¨C 2016 The prevailing image of rural Scotland is dominated by historical context and nostalgia, creating a conflict between identity and culture. Seeking a more truthful perspective on my native country, for two years I have been documenting the remote communities of the Central Highlands. Through this I¡¯ve witnessed modern life thriving on the cusp of isolation, and the inherent bond between the people, their animals, and this challenging environment.
cody-cobb-seattle-wa-united-states
Short bio: Cody Cobb (b. 1984) is an American photographer based in Seattle, Washington. His photography attempts to capture portraits of the Earth¡¯s surface, devoid of human interaction and interference.
What is your work about? Photography is my way of capturing the Earth¡¯s surface and atmosphere as it folds, condenses and erodes. These observations are made while roaming the landscapes of the American West in search of seemingly untouched nature. With careful composition and natural light, these Earthly formations appear to exist in an alternate and mysterious dimension.
ira-wagner-montclair-nj-united-states-2
Short bio: After a 27 year career on Wall Street, I decided to leave to pursue other interests and began taking classes in photography at ICP in New York. This led me to pursue an MFA degree. I attended the Hartford Limited Residency program and graduated in 2013. Since then I have been teaching photography at Monmouth University in New Jersey and continue photographing my interests in the urban and man made landscape.
What is your work about? This project is focused on man¡¯s desire to live by the shore, even when global warming, rising sea levels and increasingly devastating storms threaten the environment. Now, three years after Hurricane Sandy, repairs and rebuilding are well underway on the Jersey Shore. The response to the threats has been to raise existing houses to as much as 10 ¨C 12 feet above ground level. During the process, the houses are perched on jenga-like wooden forms; their precarious perches seem to reflect the risk of living and building by the shore; brought home in the recent Winter Storm Jonas, which again flooded areas of the Shore. The work questions whether this is a testimony to man¡¯s spirit or man¡¯s foolishness.
april-friges-pittsburgh-pa-united-states
Short bio: April Friges was born in Cleveland, Ohio, and in 2010 received her MFA in studio art from The University of California, Irvine. Her work has been shown in galleries and museums such as LAXART, Los Angeles, CA (2010); Autonomie, Los Angeles, CA (2011); The Spencer Museum of Art, Lawrence, KS (2012); The Printed Matter, New York, NY (2013); MOCAD, Detroit, MI (2013); Sculpture X, Columbus, OH (2013); ForYourArt, Los Angeles, CA (2014); 20 Jay St, Brooklyn, NY, (2014); and FilterSpace, Chicago, Ill (2015). Friges lives and works in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where she is the Assistant Professor of the BFA Photography program at Point Park University. Her newest work, Untitled Color, was featured in PhAb Now! at the PFPCA (Pittsburgh Center for the Arts), Pittsburgh, PA, featuring photographic abstraction, and will also be on view in the Geometry in the Expanded Field, a small group exhibition at Fine Art Complex 1011, in Tempe, Arizona.
What is your work about? In my previous body of work, Spectator (Selected Works 2012-2014), I address the medium of photography and its classification as a two-dimensional art form, which comprise of large-scale (50 inches x 8 to 50 feet), unique, black and white gelatin silver prints. I experiment with process in the darkroom, and manipulate the paper to construct three-dimensional sculpted works that examine the intersection between image and object. I utilize the gallery lighting to create additional forms on the reflective surface of the photographic paper. The pockets of highlights and shadows that result add to or contradict the shapes of the image already created, which depends on how the paper is sculpted. When the artwork is taken down from the gallery walls at the end of the exhibition, it is re-flattened. Subsequently, the sculptured image created will have a new form every time it is shown. This work questions the far too common two-dimensionality of photography and the constrained square frame that we have come to define as the medium. There is a gray area created between photography and sculpture that is left to the viewer to determine where the work belongs. The title Spectator is not just about looking at the work. Perhaps the art objects themselves could be considered witness to the act of looking at photography as a genre in the contemporary art world. The pieces could therefore be the spectators that question how a photograph is now defined. In my most recent experimentation I continue to work with traditional photography, more specifically, the color photogram because of its ?one of a kindness.? The works are built upon the fundamental properties of light, the most prevalent element with which we interact and are defined by; embracing the phenomena of reciprocity, reflection, refraction, inversion and absorption onto the medium. Continuity and composition are established through the direct impact of purely optical laws and visual principles. The shapes on the paper are mixed primary tones of subtractive and additive colors shone through transparent gels equivalent to that of the darkroom¡¯s dichroic enlarger head, which become inversed onto light-sensitive paper upon exposure.
darko-velazquez-weimar-germany
Short bio: Darko Velazquez is a photographer and artist working in a variety of media. Born in 1989 in C¨¢diz (Spain) and after finishing his Bachelor in Fine Arts in Universidad de Granada (Spain) in 2013, he moved to Weimar (Germany) to continue his artistic research, what led him to obtain his Diploma in Fine Arts at the Bauhaus-Universit?t Weimar in 2015. He currently lives and works in Weimar, where he also studies an MFA in Media, Art and Design with focus in conceptual photography.
What is your work about? ¡°Since I¡¯ve been gone¡± is an ongoing series of photographs which approaches the concepts of displacement, identity, memories and homesickness. The fact that I¡¯ve been living away from my home city for the last 8 years has influenced my perception of it. This place which I still call ¡®home¡¯ actually isn¡¯t home anymore. I believe the word home should be understood as whatever place a person finds him or herself living, sharing a connection with its surrounding including, but not limited to society, culture or language.?That said, the dimension where the concept of home lies turns to be less spatial and more temporal. If home is compared to a book, the places would be the chapters which once read, remain in our memory. Many chapters after, our perception of what we read in the past may have mutated, since our mind can¡¯t retain the totality of words that compose the book, just selected passages remain sort of clear, and other less important excerpts are more difficult or impossible to recall. In the end, these places are reduced to memories, which we decided or selected to keep in our minds, for whatever reason.?The work explores the displacement between reality and memory by revisiting the places that come to my mind when I think about my original, first home. The remains of a golden time which got stuck in a greyish colour palette.
chrystel-mukeba-brussels-belgium
Short bio: Chrystel Mukeba (b.1983).?Based in Brussels.?Studied photography at Academie Royale des Beaux-Arts de Bruxelles (Belgium).?Became assistant of belgian photographer Vincen Beeckman, this bring to work for various social project.?Principal exhibitions in 2012, at the Mamac of Li¨¨ge for the international biennal of photography and the Cultural Center in Wallonie-Bruxelles in Paris in 2013 with the confrontation work.?Work the portrait since years, i start a new kind of photography. Asking the question about the man and the relation with the landscape.
What is your work about? Started with the portrait. My kind of photography changed. Recently I focus on the relation between the man and the landscape. I ask the question of mental territory. ?This recent works is about the time, mourning process and how the life still continue. ?The painting inspired me so much for the light and the themes (religion, dead, icons).
sinziana-velicescu-los-angeles-ca-united-states
Short bio: Sinziana Velicescu is a photographer and filmmaker based in Los Angeles. She is a graduate of the University of Southern California with a B.A. in Comparative Literature and Film. Her photography explores human intervention in nature within landscapes that have undergone political, social, or environmental change. Photographs from her award winning series, ¡°On The Periphery,¡± have been shown in galleries internationally in Los Angeles, Chicago, New York, Hamburg, Melbourne, Tokyo, and Rome. Most recently, Photo Boite named her one of the 30 Female photographers under 30 to watch in 2016.
What is your work about? On the Periphery explores the aesthetic and utilitarian effect of architecture in and around parts of Los Angeles that are less visited by the general public. Minimalistic in nature and inspired by abstract expressionism and graphic design, it represents a coming to terms with my hometown by shooting subjects that I find beautiful for their vibrant colors and clean lines, but are simultaneously devoid of obvious signs of life and exude a feeling of emptiness. The result is a homage to ¡®The City,¡¯ combined with a hidden desire to escape to another place or perhaps another time.
guanyu-xu-chicago-il-united-states
Short bio: Ðì¹ÚÓî Guanyu Xu (b.1993 Beijing) is studying for BFA degree in the School of the Art Institute of Chicago. He was the recipient of the Fred Endsley Memorial Fellowship and the finalist of Lucie Foundation Emerging Artist Scholarship. His works have been exhibited internationally including the Center for Fine Art Photography, Fort Collins; New York Photo Festival, New York; Orange County Center for Contemporary Art, Santa Ana; Embassy Tea Gallery, London; Ph21 Gallery, Budapest, and others. His works have been featured in numerous publications including Aint-Bad Magazine, ArtAscent and China Photographic Publishing House.
What is your work about? My photographic works interrogate issues of homophobia, racism, misogyny, xenophobia, and political ideology. I draw from personal narratives to create images with ambiguous content: The question of the murderer in the self-portraits of my death, the juxtaposition of hope and apathy in my landscapes, and the performative relationships in my portraits with other men. They interrogate the traditional representation.
nicolas-blandin-annecy-france
Short bio: I am a self-taught photographer born in 1982 in the French Alps. I am passionate about visual storytelling and portraiture.
What is your work about? My work explores our relationship with the landscape and examines photography¡¯s narrative power, emotional charge and ambiguity.
charles-mintz-cleveland-oh-united-states
Short bio: Photography is Chuck¡¯s third career the result of a passion acquired in Maine many years ago. He has degrees in Electrical Engineering, he has done course work in photography at Maine Media Workshop, Parsons, ICP and Cuyahoga Community College. Life trustee of Jewish Family of Cleveland, board of the Friends of Photography at the Cleveland Museum of Art and advisory boards of the Cleveland Print Room and the Artists Archive of the Western Reserve. Chuck is a recipient of the Ohio Arts Council Individual Excellence Award for 2015. Chuck is married to Patricia Mintz and they have two grown children, Isaac and Laura. Isaac is a 41 year old young man with autism.?As someone who started full time late in life, his work that is about things that are important to him. Built around my biography, but not about me. At least not yet. Since starting this full time, his work has become intensely personal ¨C often involving portraiture. This can be seen in The Album Project, Precious Objects, Costumes, Lustron Stories and, still in progress, Held Notes and Station Hope:Bound. Even Every Place ¨C I Have Ever Lived, where people in the images are largely unrecognizable, is uniquely personal, beginning with my childhood home that was in foreclosure and continuing in all my lifetime neighborhoods the work has become less traditionally photographic both in form and method.
What is your work about? My projects, though not about me, are highly influenced by my biography. In this case, these surviving hardware stores represent a set of ideals that I find commendable. Independence, a desire to fix rather than replace, small ways to improve things and self-reliance. This is guy culture at its best though, in truth, it has nothing to do with gender something I hope these images help illustrate.
luca-tombolini-milan-italy
Short bio: I was born in Milan. After pursuing classical studies I got a degree in Sciences of Communication with a major on visual rhetorics in italian cinema. While studying at university I met with photography and started experimenting with large format cameras.?Since 2011 I¡¯m drum scanning and printing on large scale prints; landscapes and life scenes.
What is your work about? My work is about exploring the link between landscapes and states of the Unconscious. Away from everyday life, traveling alone in remote desert areas sets the self in an essential state. The social Ego as known ceases to be: there¡¯s another representation of what I am and therefore a different person. Inside the changed mental space, through contemplation, new sensations find place. Can photographing in this state be a mirror to the Unconscious?
diane-knarr-philadelphia-pa-united-states
Short bio: Born in the small state of Delaware in the US, Diane Knarr is a conceptual artist with an academic background focusing on art history and philosophy. Her work focuses on the concept of personal and social identity in addition to nostalgia and memory. Diane is currently living and practicing in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
What is your work about? ¡°Don¡¯t Say I Didn¡¯t Warn You¡± is a photographic series that explores relationships, words, vulnerability and social constructs. Specifically, expressions that are used to hold another person¡¯s identity statically in a place of preconceived notions, and speech that can usurp the recipient¡¯s agency. In some instances, these expressions are miscommunications, dependent on interpretation alone, or careless phrases learned through culture. Whereas other statements are blatant manipulations or threats, where the user intends to intimidate or cast judgement. Regardless of the type of phrase, all strip the subject of power, which is why they are written boldly on the naked body and presented boldly.
roxana-pop-medias-romania
Short bio: Roxana Pop (Roxi Pop) is a Romanian Fulbright student who graduated in 2015 with an MA in Journalism from the University of Missouri. In 2012, after she graduated with a BA in Journalism from Babes-Bolyai University, Pop left to the United States to develop her visual storytelling skills, and to explore a culture very different from her own. Pop is drawn to unique communities. Her master project was about Chautauqua gated community located up-state New York. After she graduated, January ¨C June 2015, she lived in Norfolk, Virginia and assisted documentary photographer Matt Eich. The internship with Eich was followed by another Chautauqua summer, where she taught photography workshops, had a personal photography exhibition ¡°Chautauqua Dreamworld.¡±?As The Fulbright Scholarship ended, in the fall of 2015, Pop moved back to her home country Romania, launching her career as freelance photographer. Together with other two Romanian photojournalists, she founded Fotopia collective ¨C a photo collective dedicated to promote documentary photography in Romania.
What is your work about? Scrisoare de acas? \ Letter from home For the last three years spent in the U.S., I skyped with my family every two weeks. First part of the call was always full of excitement and curiosity to see my parents, to look at their faces, to analyze them and see if they changed. Then I would look at my face in the small box in the right corner of the screen, and see if I changed. A lot of screenshots were taken, trying to document our long-distance relationship.?Today I am home.?Funny enough that home didn¡¯t feel like home but more like a new territory for me to explore and discover. After being alone for so long, suddenly, I have a family again. I have parents and grandparents. I have a beautiful garden with greenhouses, vegetables, and fruits, a backyard full with chickens. Overwhelmed by emotions, my first instinct was to document my return. These photographs are the expression of my joy, gratitude and regret for the time passed.
anne-sophie-guillet-brussels-belgium
Short bio: Anne-Sophie Guillet (b. 1987, Oxford, UK) is a French photographer based in Brussels, Belgium. She graduated in 2013 with an MFA in visual arts/photography from the Royal Academy of Fine Arts. In 2013 she received the Roger De conynck/roi Baudouin Fondation Prize. Through her works she explores and questions the enigma of identity. Her work has been exhibited in various places in Belgium and her work entitled ??Inner Self?? is currently shown at the galerie Satellite in Li¨¨ge, (Be). This summer she is going on an artist residency of two months in rural Japan to develop a new body of work.
What is your work about? ??Reminiscence???: It is a tribute to a time and a place which both marked my childhood ¨C my maternal grandmother¡¯s house located in a small village ¨C Mesland, in France. Since she passed away in 2011, her home is left empty, abandoned. Her loss has been the triggering factor which produced in me this sudden need to register by capturing images before her memory or the memory of the place frays over time.The act of photographing gives me the opportunity to keep in memory what isn¡¯t immutable or lasting. Everything that surround us comes into being, grows and dies and we cannot do anything against it. One tries to accept it by becoming aware of the impermanence and vacuity of each thing; by taking pictures of the absents trace I aim to absorb its presence.While I was traveling these landscapes surrounding her village, it provoked feelings within me on identity viewpoint. I could recognize a part of my roots, my identity. The region of the Loir-et-Cher, is known for its singular pictorial light. From the series one can note the influence of dutch painting of the 17th?with such landscapes. Taking self-portraits in landscapes allows me to enter myself physically and to invite the spectator to contemplate the view. The contemplative state gives a proximity to nature, it permits us to fly free from our emotions and to immerse in a deeper reality for every individual. It is a way which allows to subscribe ourselves in the present moment and it could induce to the unutterable union of the meditative state. In his collection of poems ??Les contemplations?? Victor Hugo sees in the contemplative act, a door to happyness, love and remembrance. Facing the landscape, with an idiosyncratic mean, I manage to sink in my unconscious and I bring back souvenirs, emotions which come to express themselves and to print them in images with the help of a camera. ??Souvenirs, memory, that spurt out from within, are made of things which have been kept within ourselves and which from within, scroll in front of our minds. They fill us up, tortures us and delights us.? 1 The function of memory bonds us with things that have disappeared of our conscience, they have become subliminal. Memory is a faculty of replication of the unconscious content.1 Carl Gustave Jung in chapter 3 of ¡°l¡¯homme ¨¤ la d¨¦couverte de son ame¡±.
simon-deadman-perth-australia
Short bio: I am a self-taught photographer based in Perth, Western Australia. While I have taken photos on and off for most of my life it is only the in the last few years that I have really taken it seriously. Most of my photos have been taken in and around Perth and the south-west corner of this state, as well as some on occasional trips to the East coast of Australia.
What is your work about? Most of my photos are of landscapes found in the suburbs or on the suburban fringes. I use photography to explore a sense of place. While my landscapes usually don¡¯t feature people in them explicitly, they are very much about how we live in and use the landscape around us. I enjoy being able to find something interesting among the ordinary places that most people walk and drive past each day without ever giving it a second glance.
ricardo-nagaoka-portland-or-united-states
Short bio: Ricardo Nagaoka is Japanese photographer, born in Asunci¨®n, Paraguay, where he lived for half of his life. He later moved to Ontario, Canada in 2005, then to Rhode Island to attend the Rhode Island School of Design (BFA Photography 2015). He now calls Portland, OR his new home (probably temporary considering his history). Ricardo has been recognized by the Magenta Foundation¡¯s Flash Forward and American Photography, along with showing his work internationally.?Born in the inescapable entanglement of globalization, Ricardo is constantly searching for boundaries, observing how spaces are delineated and finding ways to crumble arbitrary borders through his fractured selfhood.
What is your work about? June 25th, 1936, a boat with 4 separate families from Japan arrives in Paraguay. These 33 people were part of the first wave of Japanese immigrants in the Paraguayan landscape, the group that began to work the land in hopes of developing an agricultural way of life.?After the events of World War II, Japan needed to disperse its citizens in light of their post-war conditions. It was in the second wave of immigrants, from 1953 to 1963, that my grandparents arrived to make a new life on the foreign land of Paraguay. The deep, burgundy, iron-rich soil of Paraguay became a home for thousands of immigrants. Fields were sowed, and from the fertile landscape bloomed hopeful generations of men and women.?I too came from the same ground.?Growing up as a third generation Japanese person in Paraguay ¨C a sansei as the Japanese would call me ¨C has led me to question the importance of my cultural identity as successive generations are born and old ones pass away. These images are part of a continuing documentation of the Japanese diaspora in Paraguay as they undergo a generational transition; a meditation of cultural delineations, historical frameworks, and the effects of rapid globalization. This body of work is not seeking truths, whether objective or subjective, but rather reflecting, reframing, and recontextualizing the world I was thrust upon.
daniel-george-rexburg-id-united-states
Short bio: Daniel George is an artist and educator, whose interests in photography are in land interpretation and use, and how these things reference culture. He graduated with an MFA in Photography from Savannah College of Art and Design, where he was the recipient of the department¡¯s outstanding achievement award. His work has been exhibited in galleries across the United States, and has been featured in numerous online publications, including Fraction Magazine, Feature Shoot, Flak Photo, and Oxford American: Eyes on the South. He is currently based out of Rexburg, Idaho, where he is a visiting faculty member at Brigham Young University-Idaho.
What is your work about? In the American West, areas of land ignored by early settlers were once described as ¡°the lands nobody wanted.¡± These places, now publicly owned and overseen by the Bureau of Land Management, are recognized by communities as socially, economically, and environmentally valuable. After moving to the Upper Snake River Valley of Southeast Idaho, I began exploring some of these areas in order to familiarize myself with the region¡¯s geography, and how local residents make use of it. Almost immediately, I started noticing artifacts left behind by individuals who utilize the expanses of open desert for recreational purposes¡ªthe most prevalent being target shooting. Through photography, I am documenting this specific aspect of land use as an investigation of rural, Intermountain West culture, and environmental stewardship. In order to more intricately describe this relationship, I am recording both abandoned objects, and individuals within the landscape. A fascination with physical remnants that allude to culture prompted my examination of the artifacts, while an inclination to meet locals, and discuss the environmental impacts of target shooting led me to seek out portrait subjects. These images represent my examination of the complexity of a particular social use of land, and its ecological consequences.
jasmine-clark-chicago-il-united-states
Short bio: Born in 1986, Jasmine Rayna Clark is the daughter of two United States Marines and grew up in a military community in Twentynine Palms, California (MCAGCC). Clark received her BFA in Photography from California State University, Long Beach and will receive her MFA in Photography from Columbia College Chicago in 2016. My photographic work is influenced by my long-term curiosity about the military¡¯s impact on the American political landscape. The military encompasses the complexities of life: sacrifice, death, love, destruction, friendship and peace. My perspective fluctuates from indifference to reverence and contempt directly shaped by my upbringing in a conservative military community.
What is your work about? In the areas surrounding military bases, military culture is an inseparable part of the landscape. One can see signs of the military intertwined in the established American patriotic and national identity. There is an absurdity created by the juxtaposition of complex issues simplified through the use symbols and iconography. Complex and polarizing issues: religion, race, class structure, patriotism, gun control, institutions of power, and military overwhelm American identity found in monuments, murals, artifacts, and signs. I am curious and frustrated as to why there is a need for the oversaturation of symbols. However, I am fascinated by the fact of their existence, in the dichotomy between public and private by exploring notions of access and about photographic fact versus fiction in documentary photography.
casey-roger-bennett-williams-lake-bc-canada
Short bio: I am a 35 year old photographer/graphic designer based in central British Columbia, Canada. I¡¯ve been making photographs since 2007 and have worked professionally since 2010 in both editorial and commercial. As of late, I¡¯m focusing more on personal projects.
What is your work about? As of late, I¡¯ve been focusing on personal projects revolving around the small community where I currently live and using photography as a way to document the current economic struggle it faces. My work is often cited as being desolate with a hint of humour and sadness.
stephen-milner-eugene-or-united-states
Short bio: Stephen Milner (b.1991) is a photographer currently living in Eugene, Oregon. He received his BFA in photography from the Savannah College of Art and Design in 2013 and is currently a Graduate Teaching Fellow in the MFA program at the University of Oregon. His work has been featured in the Oxford American, PDN Magazine, Lenscratch, Paper Journal, The Photographic Dictionary, Humble Arts Foundation, TIME Lightbox, Aint-Bad Magazine, Juxtapoz Magazine, thisispaper and iGNANT. In 2013 he was awarded the grand prize in both the PDN Best of College Photography and the PDN & Panasonic ¡°Changing Photography¡± award. Recently Stephen was named as Aline Smithson¡¯s (Lenscratch) ¡°Five Favorites: Photographers to Watch¡±, listed as a 2016 Flash Forward winner for the Magenta Foundation and was granted the 2016 SPE Student Award in Image Innovation.
What is your work about? The Ogeechee River is a 294-mile long black-water river that stretches from Crawfordville, GA, southeast into the Ossabaw Sound on the Atlantic coast. The river is a 5,540 square-mile basin and along it, hundreds of thousands of Georgians live and work, making it among the most important natural resources in the state. ?In May 2011, the largest fish kill in Georgia¡¯s history was recorded, leaving over 40,000 fish dead. King American Finishing, a textile processor in Screven County, was discovered to have been discharging a fire retardant into the river for six years without an environmental permit. The thousands of dead fish were only found just below the King Finishing outfall pipe; no dead fish were found upstream from the plant.?The river community is one that is based on everyday reliance on the river, whether it¡¯s for food, transportation or recreation. In January 2014, after a lengthy legal battle, the Ogeechee Riverkeeper prevailed over King American Finishing. Shortly after the settlement, when the weather started to warm, residents began to return to the river for recreation. Though the future of the river and its faithful community seem bright, the lingering fear of pollution and potential health risks still looms.
tina-bauer-vienna-austria
Short bio: 22 year old aspiring photographer from Austria with a background in graphic design.
What is your work about? The odd brutal banal beauty of life and the people in it.
mark-griffiths-tenby-uk
Short bio: Mark is a photographer based in South Wales, U.K. He graduated in 2013 with a degree in photojournalism from the university of Wales/ Trinity St David. His work has been widely featured throughout the world and exhibited across the country. His work ¡®The Healing Land¡¯ received an honorable mention at the Moscow International Photography awards and in addition the work was voted as one of the ten best features of the week by Fotografia magazine.?Recently he was highly commended at the British Life Photography awards in the portrait category. He enjoys engaging with new and interesting characters and landscapes and working on long term documentary projects. He is passionate about photography and is constantly looking at new and dynamic ways of improving his artistic style and approach to the practice. He is available for editorial, reportage and commercial assignments and commissions.
What is your work about? My photography is focused on documenting a world in an autobiographic vision of how I interoperate it. It is about engaging with people on a long-term basis and gathering information about their identity.?I want my photography to reflect a personal part of myself but also capture the essence of the environment I choose to immerse myself in.?The work featured is a wondering journey through the native land photographing the people and landscape I encounter along the way.?The work is an attempt to find a sense of identity about myself and my country through an autobiographical portrait of my homeland Wales.?Free of agendas and constrictions I can immerse myself in the beauty of an old and historic landscape.?There is no pre-determined destination. I simply drive or walk to a new destination each day, engaging with people that happen to cross paths with me.?Each journey is a new experience.?The work featured is a wondering journey through the native land photographing the people and landscape I encounter along the way.?The work is an attempt to find a sense of identity about myself and my country through an autobiographical portrait of my homeland Wales.?Free of agendas and constrictions I can immerse myself in the beauty of an old and historic landscape.?There is no pre-determined destination. I simply drive or walk to a new destination each day, engaging with people that happen to cross paths with me.?Each journey is a new experience.
dan-farnum-tulsa-ok-united-states
Short bio: Dan Farnum was born in the blue-collar town of Saginaw, Michigan. His photographs have been showcased nationally in several exhibitions and galleries such as Alibi Fine Art in Chicago, Daniel Cooney Fine Art in New York, and at the Milwaukee Institute of Art and Design. Dan received his MFA from the San Francisco Art Institute and BFA from the University of Michigan. He is currently an Assistant Professor of Photography at The University of Tulsa.
What is your work about? Drawing inspiration from S.E. Hinton¡¯s literary characterizations of teenagers and young adults in Tulsa, my documentary project called Rumbleville captures a contemporary depiction of childhood maturation in the same locations used in books and movies such as The Outsiders and Rumble Fish. Larry Clark and Gaylord Herron also created iconic images that were located in the same communities. All of these coming-of age-stories were created several decades ago, but the social implications evident in the work still largely define the region. Rumbleville fluctuates between past and present-day economic challenges evident in the city¡¯s nostalgic identity. These neighborhoods in Tulsa are romanticized for their stories of greasers, bikers, and reckless youth. These places are also isolated from the rest of the city and still face parallel adversities related to class and racial divisions. I am interested in how these locations shape the identity of the kids and young adults who happen to live in these neighborhoods that are also layered with history, nostalgia, and cult-classic fantasy.
carli-choi
Short bio: Carli Choi is an artist who lives in New York. She has recently graduated from San Francisco Art Institute with a bachelor¡¯s degree in photography. Her work is mainly focused on seascape and night photography. Her favourite place to photograph is the small secluded island. Carli Choi has shown her work in San Francisco, Leeds(Britain) and Seoul(Korea). She has won the first place in PDN edu competition. Select exhibitions include Diego Rivera Gallery, Still lights Gallery in San Francisco, Exhibition Gallery at Blenheim Walk in Leeds, and Gwanggyo Gallery in Seoul.
What is your work about? The influence for my work began with my father when I was a child and the experiences we shared. He had a strong fondness for drawing and it was through that interest that I developed a passion for painting. We would spend much of our time along the ocean, which became one of my favorite places to work. Later on, My father got me a camera, which became a substitute for painting. I started to bring my camera with me whenever I would wish to escape. Sometimes, I would sneak out late at night and go for a walk with just my camera and a flashlight. I realized that the darkness of night was a canvas of its own and that the flashlight was a brush. I started to add color with the light just as I would in my painting. The darkness of night became a black canvas for me.
thomas-bouquin-montreal-canada-2
Short bio: I¡¯m a French photographer based in Montreal, Quebec, working within the gap of photographic subjectivity and documentary traditions. I¡¯m interesting by the concept of territorial identities through the interrelationship between man and its habitat, and how elements such as personal memory and historical traces can influence and modify our perceptions of places. My work has been exhibited recently at the Candela Gallery (Richmond, usa), at the Lomography Gallery (New York, usa), and at the One Eyed Jacks Gallery (Brighton, uk). I¡¯m also freelance photographer, photo researcher, and co-founder of the Photobook Club Of Montreal.
What is your work about? The series The Rock of Erc¨¦ is the photographic evocation of an immigration history, both collective and personal, between the village of Erc¨¦ (France) and New York, since the late nineteenth century. This project brings distant times and places together, to highlight how the memory of one remains in the imagination of the other. In the heart of Central Park, immigrants from Erc¨¦ used to meet at a specific rock every Sunday to help each other and share news from their village. They called it the Rock of Erc¨¦.
tamsen-wojtanowski-philadelphia-pa-united-states
Short bio: Tamsen Wojtanowski is an artist living and working in Philadelphia, PA. She received her BS from Ithaca College, Ithaca, NY and her MFA from the Tyler School of Art, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA. Her work has been included in recent exhibitions at Artist-Run, The Satellite Show, Miami, FL; COOP Gallery, Nashville, TN; Soil Gallery, Seattle, WA; Lux/Eros Gallery, Los Angeles, CA; and The Black Box Gallery, Portland, OR. She has taught at Tyler School of Art, Temple University, Philadelphia, PA; Arcadia University, Glenside, PA; and the Corcoran College of Art + Design, Washington, DC. She is currently a member of the artist-run exhibition space NAPOLEON, Philadelphia, PA.
What is your work about? My photography focuses on the individual experience of navigating our increasingly complicated, and counterintuitive society. My current body of work is a good-natured parody of today¡¯s world. The images are created as social commentary on current trends and events. I use the cyanotype process and pair it with handmade negatives to create numerous exposures that are layered on top of one another, in order to complicate the visual plane. In this way, the print imitates our modern airwaves, full of news, headlines, gossip, Facebook feeds, Instagram feeds, Twitter feeds, small talk, and TV ¨C but what is real? And what does it all mean? These prints are made in response to feeling overwhelmed, and as an attempt to stave off feeling utterly helpless. In addition to content, in the process of creating these images, I am interested in photography¡¯s overlap with printmaking and painting. It is a very malleable medium that I think is often pigeonholed into being just one thing. I want to see how far I can push it and what that exploration might find.
seth-harwood-spearfish-sd-united-states
Short bio: I come from the rural state of South Dakota. The automotive landscape of the Midwest was a constant, and defining presence. Growing up the son of a repo man, I would spend the days of my youth playing in the rusted out frames of what used to be cars. That experience of having such an intimate relationship with these old, rundown machines gave me a very strong nostalgic appreciation for things that feel anachronistic, and I think that shows through in my passion for photography, being a keen advocate for the film process. Currently, I am working towards my MFA in Photography through the Academy of Art University, with my thesis work revolving around refining this relationship of old world kinesthetic practices of film and modern technology.
What is your work about? My photography is derivative of the landscape I grew up in, a landscape that is heavily saturated with old run down automobiles, dive motels lined with neon, and rural solitude. Through my photography I try to capture and convey that sense of peaceful solitude, nostalgia, and comfortable decay that I find in the vehicular landscape.
samantha-sealy-norwich-ct-united-states
Short bio: Born in 1991, Samantha Sealy is an all analogue experimental photographer from Norwich, Connecticut. Graduating in 2014 with a BFA from the University of Connecticut, she is now currently living and working in her hometown. For now.
What is your work about? I¡¯ve always had a way of making things seem so blue. After I lost my mother in 2013 I also lost my ability to connect with those around me. This disconnect caused me to lose everything and almost everyone I have ever known. Love and friendship became something I felt like I¡¯d never have again and didn¡¯t deserve. Strangers have reached out to offer support but being sad is my burden and if I shared that with others I feel that I may become their burden. I Hardly Knew Her is my way back into life. Storing that part of me I didn¡¯t want anyone to ever see into something actually worth seeing. Or at least I hope it is.
jesse-koechling-brooklyn-ny-united-states
Short bio: Some of my earliest memories were of images magically forming under the red glow of my dad¡¯s darkroom safelight. I live and work in Brooklyn, NY.
What is your work about? My work is not about reality per se, but the reality that we invent for ourselves. It is about the way a memory will slowly degrade over time with each recollection. I document myself, my experience, and my surroundings and relish in the inherent lies that photography tells us. Focusing on solitude, quietude, and inner reflection, my work is an ongoing journal of an ambiguous narrative laid out for the viewer to which they bring their own experiences. It is a personal journey that is familiar and tangible when stumbling upon it from the outside. Familiar yet new, the viewer brings their own stories and meets me at the surface of the image to create a whole new narrative. Like a found journal filled with its latent truths, I embrace this ambiguity that photography provides.
dan-gemkow-chicago-il-united-states
Short bio: Dan Gemkow is an artist and Instructor of Photography. He is originally from New Hampshire and grew up in the suburban Chicago area. He received a Master¡¯s degree in Fine Arts in 2010 from the University of Missouri. Since completion of his MFA, Gemkow taught both traditional darkroom and digital photography. Currently, he is traveling across Australia to complete his project, In Transit.?Gemkow has participated in exhibitions at the Center for Fine Art Photography in Fort Collins, Colorado, the Kaunas Photo Festival in Kaunas, Lithuania, the PH21 Gallery in Budapest, Hungary, the Masur Museum of Art in Louisiana, Gallerie Voltaire in Melbourne, Australia, the Foundry Art Center in St. Charles, Missouri, the Kevin Milligan Gallery in the Bay Area of California, the Rogue Space Chelsea in New York City, the Black Box Gallery in Oregon, the PhotoPlace Gallery in Vermont, the Midwest Center for Photography in Kansas, the Tubac Center for the Arts in Arizona, several galleries around the Midwest and Gallery MM in Yokohama, Japan.
What is your work about? My work addresses the relationship between the built environment and the human experience. The landscape that we construct has a strong influence on our lives. It is where we sleep, eat, work, travel and ultimately reflects what we value as a culture. What we see impacts our desires and encourages a certain standard of living. My work is an exploration of the different ways in which the reality of our cultural values becomes evident within the constructed landscape. The digital age has welcomed many technological achievements. Among the most outstanding is the connection of the world in an instant and a putting a palm sized computer in the hands of the global population. However, this same technology can also be used as a distraction by mass marketers to offer new products. My series Electronic Billboards was inspired to remove the inundation of these flashing roadway distractions from the interstate corridor between Kansas and Missouri.
harrison-moss-melbourne-australia
Short bio: I am a photographer based in Melbourne, Australia. Recently i completed a Bachelor of Photography at RMIT University in 2015, with a high distinction. My practice has mainly explored the fields of Documentary and Portraiture. ?I began my first body of work in 2015 titled ¡®A Sheltered Harbour¡¯ and hosted my first solo exhibition at Ruffian Gallery.
What is your work about? A Sheltered Harbour explores Williamstown¡¯s lazy seaside character while engaging with its history and maritime identity.?My work offers a form of tranquility in its depiction of quiet environments that seem to nonchalantly anticipate the changing status of the suburb. The mixture of vacant interiors, disconnected landscapes and portraits hold strange promises of patronage and nostalgia.?The collection of images contain a peculiar honesty and warmth, with the subjects appearing both personal and foreign.
jessica-auer-montreal-canada
Short bio: Jessica Auer is a photographer and visual artist from Montreal, Canada. Her work is broadly concerned with the study of cultural sites, focusing on themes that connect history, place, journey and cultural experience. Jessica received her MFA in Studio Arts from Concordia University in 2007 and has since exhibited across Canada and abroad. An avid wanderer, she has participated in several international artist residencies including The Leighton Artist¡¯s Colony at the Banff Centre in Alberta, The Brucebo Travel Residency based in Gotland, Sweden, The Chilkoot Trail AIR in Alaska and the Yukon Territory and the Skaftfell Centre for Visual Art in Seydisfj?rdur, Iceland. Recent exhibitions include: Patrick Mikhail Gallery, Montreal, 2016; Oslo8, Basel, Switzerland 2015; The Gotland Museum of Art, Visby, Sweden 2015; Sporobole, Sherbrooke, 2014; VU Photo, Quebec City, 2013 and The Canadian Centre for Architecture, Montreal, 2013. Her first book, Unmarked Sites, was noted by Photo-Eye and the Indie Photobook Library as one of the top ten independent photography books published in 2011. Jessica currently teaches photography at Concordia University.
What is your work about? Broadly speaking, my work is concerned with the historical and cultural significance of specific sites. Having spent an extensive amount of time in the field, traveling, hiking and photographing landscape, I recently shifted the focus of work to explore the reflective aspects of my artistic process. The images submitted to Fotofilmic were captured during an artist residency in Seyeisfj?reur, Iceland in January 2015. Breaking from my customarily research-based approach, I decided to centre my residency on the process of walking, wandering daily along the frontiers of a midwinter landscape within the limits of short daylight hours. Recalling light and darkness as the fundamental basis of photography, my goal was to extend my photographic process and personal experience of landscape to convey¡ªboth inwardly and outwardly¡ªa time and place of transition.
jenny-riffle-seattle-wa-united-states
Short bio: Jenny Riffle was born in Washington State in 1979. She received her MFA in Photo, Video and Related Media from the School of Visual Arts in 2011 and her BA in photography from Bard College in 2001. Recent awards include The Pilkington Prize, 2015, PDN¡¯s 30 New and Emerging Photographers to Watch 2014, Aaron Siskind Individual Photographer¡¯s Fellowship 2013, and the juror¡¯s award at Newspace Center for Photography¡¯s 2012 juried show for her project Scavenger: Adventures in Treasure Hunting. A book of the Scavenger photographs was published by Zatara Press in the fall of 2015. Riffle lives in Seattle where she teaches at the Photo Center Northwest.
What is your work about? The Sound of Wind is a re-appreciation of the Pacific Northwest through my memories of growing up there and my present experiences. I took for granted my surroundings until I left home and lived elsewhere. Every time I came back I would see it with new eyes. It seemed that every place I went contained some memory of childhood forgotten and unappreciated. After moving back to the northwest I started photographing landscape and the people inhabiting it. I am drawn to the places in between dreams and reality, somewhere between memory and the present experience. I walk around and look out into the woods, seeing them anew and seeing them through the veil of memories at the same time. I look up at the moss covered branches and I remember nights spent sleeping outside in the dark looking up to see a thousand hairy spider legs instead of branches and quickly hiding under the covers. I remember ants crawling all over my feet and my father trying to calm me down, telling me that they will not bite. ?A photograph exists somewhere between reality and dreams, I capture a frozen moment with the click of the shutter, but the narrative held within is alive, changing with everyone that sees it, unfrozen and fluid in the mind of the viewer.
allison-jarek-atlanta-ga-united-states
Short bio: Allison Jarek (b. 1989, Reno, NV) is an American photographer whose work explores themes such as man¡¯s relationship with nature, female identity, and personal journeys. She received her MFA in Photography from Texas Woman¡¯s University in the spring of 2015 and her BFA in Photography from the Savannah College of Art and Design in 2011. Her work has been shown nationally, at venues such as PhotoPlace Gallery, New Orleans Photo Alliance, the University of Central Florida, PhotoNOLA, and Clemson University, and featured in publications such as SHOTS Magazine, The Hand magazine, and South x Southeast Photomagazine. She currently lives and works in Atlanta, Georgia.
What is your work about? This series, entitled Hallowed Ground, explores themes related to transcendentalist philosophy and literature, specifically the innate spirituality and purity within nature. In the essay, Nature, Ralph Waldo Emerson emphasized the importance of man¡¯s relationship to the land. He stated that there is a common spirit that resides in and connects all living things, which he called the ¡°Over-Soul.¡± The examination of this connection would lead to the essential truths of one¡¯s existence. These images were photographed with 4¡Á5 black and white film and painted digitally to illustrate the ¡°Over-Soul¡± that connects man to the land. This process is also used to emphasize the romantic and idealistic qualities of the landscape to encourage the appreciation and respect of the audience. The resulting images depict surreal, dream-like environments that reflect these themes and question the audience¡¯s perception of reality. Though this work reflects my personal beliefs regarding the importance and the sacred nature of the land, the ultimate purpose of these idealistic depictions is to encourage appreciation and respect for the earth and to provoke the audience to reflect on their own personal relationship with nature.
marcus-wildelau-bielefeld-germany
Short bio: Born in 1972 in Luebeck, Germany. Studied photography and motion picture. Working as cinematographer, photographer, freelancer.
What is your work about? I am interested in places, areas and things, which have been designed by human beings for a certain use but not to be beautiful. Often these subjects are common and mundane. These places draw my attention because I try to understand why they exist. So I contemplate and take a picture.?I like regarding nature and people in urban areas as well. In my work there is an invisible, ironical transition between staging an journalism.
christa-blackwood-austin-tx-united-states-2
Short bio: Christa Blackwood is a photo, text based and installation artist working with themes related to identity, history, and popular culture. Her visual voice was developed while a student at New York University, when she began producing street installation art such as Butcherknives (1991), a work that addressed issues of sexual violence. A chilling juxtaposition of billboard-like close-ups and text from poet Michelle Kotler, Butcherknives, was plastered all over the streets of lower Manhattan on the evening that the William Kennedy Smith verdict was announced. The poster¡¯s timely and provocative appearance resulted in heightened critical attention for Blackwood, including an invitation to join the Women¡¯s Action Coalition (WAC) from renowned artists and scholars, Kiki Smith and Lucy Lippard.?Her dream-like sequences and texts employ multiple techniques and methods, fusing traditional, historical and alternative processes with contemporary practices such as iPhone image-making and street installations. Blackwood received her MA in Studio Art from New York University and BA in Classics from The University of Oklahoma. Her work has been featured in several publications including The New York Times, ArtDesk Magazine, New York Newsday, The Village Voice and The Chicago Sun Times. She has exhibited in galleries and museums throughout the U.S. and abroad Her recent exhibitions, Prix West and Silver and Ink, were ranked among the top 5 Best Solo Gallery Exhibitions for 2013-2014 and 2015-2016 by the Austin Critics Table Awards.
What is your work about? My work is always idea driven, for the last four years I have?taken my medium and large-format film cameras & models and has hit the road. Traveling around Texas, and across New Mexico, Colorado and Utah, staging the nude male body within the majesty of North America¡¯s gorgeous western landscape, and positioning it in a genealogy of classical photographic studies of the human figure.
thanos-kostikos-thessaloniki-greece
Short bio: Born in Thessaloniki in 1978. Graduated from Aristotle University Law School in 2002 and since then have lived and worked in Thessaloniki. Have been involved in photography for the last four years, regularly attending seminars at the Photographic School STEREOSIS. Participated in several exhibitions. Photographs presented here are part of a work in progress entitled ¡°Going away is coming back¡±.
What is your work about? Fleeting on the spur of the moment and aimlessly wandering mainly around the sub-urban landscape may unfold into an exciting experience, especially when the unexpected is just around the corner, objects or situations that are there to astound you. The journey as an end in itself, emanates for me a ¨C even slight ¨C sense of timelessness and true freedom. At the same time that very process keeps me bound to an incessant recollection. Every image is presented as something completely new yet it functions as an ever present memory. Thus, the initial promise of freedom is forever unfulfilled, time triumphs again and every flight finally becomes a return to the self.
alexis-pazoumian-paris-france
Short bio: Of Armenian and French origin, born in Paris, Alexis Pazoumian is a photographer and director. He did a graphics school in Paris during 4 years.?The concepts of territory, identity and society interest him. Through few photographic projects in the favelas of Brazil, India, Armenia and recently in New-Orleans he wants study human in their environment. Alexis joined the Hans Lucas Studio in 2016..
What is your work about? Ten years after Katrina, ¡°Faubourg Treme¡± focuses on the daily life of the population living in one of the most legendary and historical districts of New Orleans when it comes to African-American culture : TREME.?I decided to go back there, in order to observe the daily life of Treme¡¯s inhabitants 10 years after the Katrina disaster. Music never left the city. Instead it exists in all the aspects of local culture, and has blended in each and every aspect of the city¡¯s life : Religion, education, tradition ( specially jazz funeral and indians of mardi gras ) bars, streets, etc. With the yearly climax of Mardi Gras during which the entire city dances as one to the upbeat rhythm of the carnival and Indians. I worked about this different topics in order to understand better how work this city and his unique population. The Night, neighborhood far from the center liven up, a special atmosphere of places, the lights of bars outside give an unique aesthetic. Each and every space of Treme is inhabited by music, as a remedy against the bitterness of a life that has never been easy around there. This project aims at studying the traditions and life of these people who, after Katrina, were abandoned and left aside by all, as David Simon reminded us in his magnificent tv show ¡°Treme¡±. It is an outlook on these men and women who live and sometimes even survive to the sound of brass. The beauty of exaltation and fervor triggered by music has become the center of my photographic approach to this subject.
brett-henrikson-pawtucktet-ri-united-states
Short bio: Brett Henrikson is an Artist, Photographer and Educator. Photographic processes are his hammer and chisel, as he approaches the world and uses visual language to understand and reinterpret being. His bodies of work use the physicality of the photographic object in a new and unconventional way, to try and break photography¡¯s relationship with realism. He is based strongly in the craft and alchemy of the process and believes that the hands on aspects of working in the darkroom and using film or large format gives the artist a real sense of creation over their work.
What is your work about? Most photographs serve as a conduit for realism providing the viewer with a window into our world. The images for Chaotic Forms are broken windows; silver shards created through destruction echoing a dialogue with dark dreams from a long forgotten past. In these dreams skin becomes metallic and I let the light guide my sense of mysticism into somewhere new that only exists on the ether and in the shimmering light from my darkroom trays and from behind my eyes. In dialogue with classical painting and sculpture, Chaotic Forms allows for the surreal and the deceptive to enter back into the photograph. The slow nature of working in the darkroom takes on a meditative quality, the red light and glass plates dance in the shadows with endless possibility. I show the viewer smoke and mirrors, intimate forms and dark beauty.
pierre-ollier-paris-france
Short bio: Pierre Ollier was born in 1985 in the French countryside. As a kid, he wanders in his dad¡¯s homelab, set up in the house basement. Turning 20, he moves to Paris, suffers from insomnia, and gets two college degrees while doing the rock critic for the French edition of Rolling Stone. Three years later, he rediscovers how the Tetenal developing bath smells, enjoys it a lot, and then starts producing his own prints. Today, he works as a full-time photographer for an online company, while keeping on shooting his personal series, both in France and overseas, using a whole range of analog tools, from the compact 35mm to the 4¡Á5 view camera.
What is your work about? This project is called CUT LOOSE IN NEW TERRITORIES ESPECIALLY AFTER SERIOUS TROUBLES WITH OTHER OBSCURE DESPERADOS (C.L.I.N.T.E.A.S.T.W.O.O.D.)?This story takes place in the late nineteenth century. Somewhere between the Rio Grande and the Pacific Ocean, north of the Mexican border, we find a nameless man, a free and nomadic avenger who uses his Colt to implement his own rules of morality and justice.?This fiction, inspired by the myth of the lonesome cowboy portrayed a thousand times by Hollywood, is mostly an excuse for questioning the landscape and territory. Shot in Spain in the Tabernas Desert, this series of photographs follows the footsteps of Sergio Leone¡¯s western movies and asks questions pertaining to the identity of a place: the landscape, bringing together the geographical conditions of the American West, acts as the representation of a distant reality ¨C and thus breaks with reality itself.?In the end, what defines the identity of such a conflicting place, famous for what it stands for, but not for what it truly is?
garrett-hansen-lexington-ky-united-states
Short bio: Garrett graduated from Grinnell College, where he studied economics and political science. He completed his MFA in photography at Indiana University and has taught at several universities in the United States and in Asia; he is now an Assistant Professor of Photography at the University of Kentucky. Garrett has had numerous solo and group exhibitions in the United States, Europe, Indonesia, and Japan.
What is your work about? Roughly 40% of the population in the US owns a gun and there are enough guns ¨C approximately 300 million ¨C to arm nearly every man, woman, and child in the country. At the core of The Void series is a desire to consider these facts and to create a set of images that speaks to their implications. Each of the images is created from individual bullet holes. While shooting is fundamentally a destructive act, by bringing these holes into the darkroom, enlarging them and then processing and printing the results, I am able to balance this destruction with creation. The viewer is presented with something that speaks to the sublime ¨C they are both attractive and terrifying at the same time. In many ways this reflects our own opinions of guns in America, a country where the debate between rights and controls continues to rage.
marco-fava-piacenza-italy
Short bio: Born in 1978, he lives in Piacenza (Italy) where he works as an architect.?His photographic research is mostly focused on suburban areas and on the interaction between human presence and environment.
What is your work about? These pictures are part of a project called ¡°Marginal Passages¡± that is an ongoing series which is a part of a wider project focused on landscape, intended to investigate modifications inside of familiar and recurring routes. Most of the images were taken in suburban boundaries or on river banks, focusing attention on every elements that shows us an unstable condition, temporary passage, fast or just inevitable change.?Like in a defined circuit, coming back many times in the same places, we can understand these movements, what wasn¡¯t there yesterday but is today, and probably, tomorrow will have disappeared.
marc-falzon-new-york-ny-united-states
Short bio: Marc Falzon (b. 1987, Miami Beach, FL) graduated the School of the Art Institute of Chicago in 2011 with a concentration in Photography. His work explores the way individuals and society consume; be it historical references, religious iconography, products and services, food, media, and impersonal relationships formed over the internet. Falzon is now producing work of Chinese consumer culture, and currently works in NY, NY.
What is your work about? Many images of emptied and ornate shopping malls have begun to populate the internet. During my time living in China, I found the bleakness depicted in these images complicated and misleading. The shopping districts in many cities proved to be bustling centers that provided an ornate and refreshing, though illusionary, landscape. Similar to a gothic nave basked in light, these grandiose districts and interiors offered hope and encourage a new mode of thinking. For many Chinese, this Western consumerism provides a welcome contrast to the cold realities of poverty, thick smog and claustrophobic living conditions that lay just beyond the revolving glass doors. My colonial perspective is more critical of these spaces. Where in the States people are overwhelmed with choices, even experiencing shopping fatigue and detachment; where in China there is a sense of relief, joy, and encouragement to be found. One can escape reality into the Western promise. This is a place where Pizza Hut is a trusted, middle class eatery with cocktails and appetizers. Where one can find consistency in products. Where air conditioning is to be found in the swampy summers.?This all comes at grave expenses: the demolition of historical landmarks, heavy pollution and a bubbling construction economy; not to mention the scars to country¡¯s psyche. The myth is still largely veiled. This veil is a tapestry, however ¡ª it inspires wonder in those who experience it. Here the implicit promise of capitalism is offered, but is that promise a lie??In my word, I focus on examining this veil.
nick-williams-sydney-australia
Short bio: Nick Williams was born in 1988 and currently lives in Sydney, Australia. As a self taught photographer, his work has been exhibited and published both nationally and internationally.
What is your work about? I¡¯m interested in how man interacts with the natural landscape. And how we as humans can change the landscape and how the landscape can change us. I hope my works sparks a sense of wanderlust with the viewer so they too can venture out and experience the beauty of the natural world.
mehrdad-mirzaie-tehran-iran
Short bio: Born on May 24th 1990, Tehran, Iran Education Bachelor of Photography, Tehran University of Art, 2012 Tehran¡¯s School of Fine Arts, Graduated in Painting, 2007 Solo Exhibitions 2010 Prague Caf¨¦ Gallery, Imposed Photo, Tehran, Iran Group Exhibitions 2015 Boras Museum of Modern Art, Iranian Artist under 30, Curated by Varesh Darvish, Boras, Sweden 2015 Royal Gallery , Tehran Mon Amour, Curated by Christoph Sehl. In cooperation with Aaran Gallery, Tehran. Munich, Germany 2013 Aaran Gallery, Untitled, selected by Behrang Samadzadegan and Aaran Gallery, Tehran, Iran 2013 Sadrang Gallery, Second Annual Festival of Portraiture, Tehran, Iran 2013 Saba Art-Cultural Institute, Photo Festival of Tehran University of Art, Tehran, Iran 2013 Honar Gallery, Tehran University of Art, Tehran, Iran 2013 Mahe Mehr Gallery, Post Pop, Curated by Behrang Samadzadegan, Tehran, Iran 2012 Saba Art-Cultural Institute, Saba Photo, Iranian Photographers Artworks Collection, Tehran, Iran 2011 Honar Gallery, Tehran University of Art, Tehran, Iran 2007 Iranian Artists¡¯ House, Image of the Year, Tehran, Iran 2007 Tehran¡¯s School of Fine Arts, Selected Students¡¯ Works, Tehran, Iran 2006 Tehran¡¯s School of Fine Arts, Selected Students¡¯ Works, Tehran, Iran 2005 Tehran¡¯s School of Fine Arts, Selected Students¡¯ Works, Tehran, Iran
Why do you photograph on film? In the last 10 years I have been using analog photography throughout all of my projects. Some of its?main reasons are the texture, the grey tones and color tones which are specific to the analog?technique. Specially the different qualities that are peculiar to out-of- date camera rolls and slides that are developed with special laboratory procedures. Furthermore the particular effect during?photo shooting that is quite appealing and engaging: picturing what the photos are like and the?constant need to try and predict how the photos turn out after they have been developed.
al-brydon-sheffield-uk
Short bio: I¡¯m a photographer based in the north of the UK working on long term landscape photography projects.
What is your work about? My most recent project is based on a conversation with my past self. ?Here¡¯s a brief synopsis ¨C Twenty rolls of film lay forgotten in a drawer.?I had no recollection of what I¡¯d taken. They were originally exposed between ten and fifteen years ago.?I set about re-exposing them in collaboration with my former self, blending one vastly different life with my current existence, destroying the originals to make something new.?It¡¯s been a unique and surprising experience. I¡¯ll re-expose the last roll in another fifteen years. See you there.?Landscape photography is the perfect vehicle for narrative and storytelling. I¡¯m interested in the history of landscape and human interaction and alteration of landscape. The world around us and the long departed people who have shaped that world sing songs. I¡¯m slowly learning to listen.
jordanna-kalman-poughkeepsie-ny-united-states-2
Short bio: Jordanna Kalman is a photographer, mother and wife living in NY. She has exhibited her work throughout the US, internationally and online. Jordanna also runs the online photo gallery Streit House Space. She works on many different things, very slowly all at once.
What is your work about? My work deals with independence, individuality, loneliness and femininity. I have two different series that partially remove the subject from the frame, one is about memory and one absence. ?I was working on the series that deals with memory when my mother died very suddenly. I found myself shifting gears and moving into a different series, removing the subject with a different motivation: feeling absent from the world. The figures removed represent myself, unable to be present because of grief but also a reminder of all the work I¡¯ve made my mother will never see.
clement-hong-yui-chan-hong-kong
Short bio: Chan Hong Yui Clement (b. 1992) is a photographic artist who lives and works in Hong Kong.?Upon completion of his B.F.A. in Photography from Savannah College of Art and Design in 2015, Chan had developed a strong interest in the medium of photography as an art form. Chan¡¯s image-making process often begins with responding to some of the medium¡¯s inherent qualities: descriptive, subjective and voyeuristic.?In 2014, Chan was selected as the winning candidate of New Light V, an annual program that is organized by Lumenvisum and sponsored by the Hong Kong Arts Development Council to support talented young artists and provide them with an opportunity for a solo exhibition.
What is your work about? My image-making process often begins with responding to some of the medium¡¯s inherent qualities: descriptive, subjective and voyeuristic.
sian-davey-totnes-uk
Short bio: Sian Davey is a photographer with a background in Fine Art and Social Policy. She has run a private Psychotherapy practice for the past 15 years, but has recently ended this work to dedicate her time to her photography practice. Her work is an investigation of the psychological, social and political landscapes of both herself and those around her. Having recently completed her MA in Photography and the Book, she is now currently taking part in the MFA programme at Plymouth University. Sian has been the recipient of numerous awards including two years running the Taylor Wessing Portrait Prize and the Lens Culture Emerging Photographer Award and recently the Arnold Newman Award for New Directions in Portraiture. Sian has published her first book ¡®Looking for Alice¡¯ with Trolley Books.
What is your work about? I photograph life as it appears in every moment. So when I photograph, I find myself drawn to everything, both the conscious and the unconscious material of both my internal world and the worlds of others around me. It is always a dance between them both.
anthony-delorenzo-whitehorse-yukon-canada
Short bio: I¡¯m just a guy who lives in the Yukon and likes to ride bikes and make pictures. Not always at the same time, though.
What is your work about? I try to capture some small part of what it¡¯s like to live and adventure in Canada¡¯s North.