Brenda Vaiani
“I remember that the first time pain touched me I plunged into it, just like if it was the sea. I remember the cold, I remember the fear and I remember seeing myself in those depths. They are waters that will never release you completely, where everybody thinks that only darkness can prevail but from which I’m re-emerging. Polaroids represent for me what the sunflowers represented for Van Gogh.” – Brenda Vaiani
© All photos courtesy of Brenda Vaiani
Yuri Van Geenen
In the last year Yuri Van Geenen has made portraits at of a soup kitchen visitors…
Hard work hasn’t paid for a long time now in the USA and because of the growing unemployment more and more people are losing their job. From a recently released report of OxfamNovib, it appears that the income differences in the USA (of the 26 countries surveyed) are by far the largest and fastest growing.
The organisation is located in the east of Florida and started in 1987. Daily Bread depends entirely on volunteers, with the exception of a few people. They do not receive public funding but instead are completely dependent on donations. In addition to volunteers, there are also people there who have been in trouble with the law, namely drink-drivers who were caught driving under the influence. They are allowed to convert part of their sentence to working at Daily Bread.
Most of the donations take the form of financial contributions, food and goods from local individuals and companies. Public money is refused and they are very firm about this. They wish to show that this organisation can survive without direct financial assistance from the government. Currently about 300 to 400 people receive help every day, among other things by organising 200 complete meals twice a day. That is a total of 1.6 million meals since the start of Daily Bread in 1987.
© All photos courtesy of Yuri Van Geenen
Pau Buscato
Originally from Barcelona and currently based in Oslo, Norway. Street Photography Pau Buscato’s way of exploring the mundane nature of life: those subtleties we often overlook in our busy and increasingly hurried daily lives.
When photographing Pau likes to be very open and let his intuition and imagination guide him. Pau is looking for those random details that turn an ordinary event into something extraordinary. In the end it’s all about observing carefully around oneself and being fully aware of the moment, here and now, as in a walking meditation.
His pictures are non-staged and generally taken in the chaotic urban environment we have put ourselves in, from which he tries to rescue the small portions of elegance, absurdity or irony that daily life often presents.
© All photos courtesy of Pau Buscato.
ElementWo
PLACES by elementWo focuses on the power of ISIS’ images and visual communication, as well as on the violence of these images and their ability to tell the truth.
So far, ISIS has communicated with the outer world and especially with the West mainly through images and videos shared on social media. The killings were real but many backgrounds were, at least partially, staged. ISIS has become Western countries’ public enemy no. 1 and is perceived to be at the gates or their civilization. Yet, the majority of westerners know nothing about it except for the bizarre mix of fiction and reality that ISIS wants them to see and be afraid of. The power of this fiction is enhanced by modern technologies, deeply influencing our reality of life. The series aims to visually narrate this violence without showing it.
Laura Pannack
Shut out from the teenage world the majority of us struggle to comprehend the behavior of some adolescents. Through a lack of understanding, which breeds fear, we tend to stereotype young people. However, these judgments are fuel for rebellion, intensifying the search for identity and belonging.
The invincible yet vulnerable nature of teenagers has inspired her to embark on photographic adventures, sharing their company and releasing their undefined identity through the art of picture making.
© All photos courtesy of Laura Pannack
Haley Morris Cafiero
Haley Morris Cafiero was working on another project when she was inspired to begin the “Wait Watchers” series. A chance picture captured the amused expression of a passer-by as he looked at her. When she noticed that she had again accidentally captured the expression of a random passer-by who was observing her, she decided to attempt to capture more reactions. Although she had heard critical comments about her weight, she did not think she would be able to capture the reactions of people on film until these accidental shots. Morris Cafiero sets up the camera first, then enters the shot as the camera takes continuous pictures. She is not aware of the reactions of the people around her at the time of the picture. People respond more naturally when she seems distracted, so she attempts to perform actions that would give that impression; otherwise, she acts normally and does not draw attention to herself.
© All photos courtesy of Haley Morris Cafiero
David Abrahams
Originally from Leeds, David Abrahams is a Fashion and Beauty Photographer based in Stoke Newington, East London
© All photos courtesy of David Abrahams
Emma Kisiel
At Rest is a photographic series, by Emma Kisiel, depicting roadkill on American highways and addressing our human fear of confronting death and viewing the dead. Her images draw attention to the fact that, while man has a vast impact on animal and natural life, generally in American society, people are separate from wildlife and the souls of animals have little value. To cause the viewer to feel struck by this notion, she photographs memorials she has built surrounding roadkill at the location at which its life was taken. At Rest expresses the sacredness to the bodies of animals hit by vehicles while crossing the road.
© All photos courtesy of Emma Kisiel
Andrea Eichenberger
Translitorânea (the Transcoastal Road), or BR101 is the road that runs along the Brazilian coast from the north to the south, joining different states and regions for 4.542 km. In this project, in which travel and photography are considered as the means of getting close to places and people, the road becomes a stage for a road trip marked by encounters and life stories that highlight the geographical, economic, social and cultural diversity of Brazil today.
© All photos courtesy of Andrea Eichenberger
Andrea Carboni
The series by Andrea Carboni was born from, Andrea’s desire to show the “Italian Summer” through a journey around the “Belpaese”: from North to South, across all beaches and their intrinsic varieties. “Italian Summer” is a social research looking into the present time but keeping in mind what has been the summer in Italy in the recent past, a symbol of modern country and positive mind.
© All photos courtesy of Andrea Carboni
Lucia Fainzilber
Somewear by Lucia Fainzilber is a series of self -portraits, which struggle with the idea of identity. Setting my body in front of the camera has been a way of looking myself in another way, trying to answer all those questions about who we really are. Society, family and the generation we live in, make this journey even harder. We camouflage as animals do or even soldiers, in order to survive. It’s our way of being inside a system. Its like a game, if it fits, your vision can be deceived creating almost an optical illusion.
Is it possible to isolate our more pure self to everything that it’s attached to us? Somewhere we can find these answers or not. Maybe the real answer is to learn how to live with this but not forgetting to look inside.
© All photos courtesy of Lucia Fainzilber
CY Frankel
Unplanned and unstaged, these photographs are ostensibly unrelated, taken in a variety of locations over a period of two years. Contextualised within an extended narrative, however, meaning can begin to move beyond the purely indexical, and evoke a mood or emotional response – telling a story that perhaps exists only in the memories pricked from the subjective life experiences of artist or viewer.
The series speaks of anxiety and loss, of a pervading sense of déjà-vu that makes things strange yet familiar, cyclical and ultimately without satisfying conclusion. By its nature, however, the project’s ultimate meaning is contingent on the reader’s interpretation as much as it is on the author’s intention.
© All photos courtesy of CY Frankel
Zervou-Kerruish
Natalie Zervou (b. 1984, UK) and Jack Kerruish (b. 1984, UK)
Both Norwich School of Art and Design graduates, live and work in London and have been collaborating since 2012.
With the developments in image making and ascension into digital photography it is necessary for us to reconsider the ways in which photographs influence our perception of reality, the functioning of memory and our trust in visual records. Using our interest in playful aesthetics and found objects as a starting point, we set out to create images that question the bond of trust between the viewer and the image. The notion of photographic truth come into play through our awkward yet curious set ups, further challenging the way we view images and blurring the boundaries of what photography has become.
© All photos courtesy of Zervou-Kerruish
Daniel Ali
‘Searching For Karachi’ is a photographic series consisting of portraits and moments depicting the everyday for a Karachiite street dweller.  In 2012, Daniel Ali visited Karachi with a 4×5 camera with the aim of developing an understanding for and empathy with life in a city that is portrayed by the media as a melting pot for religious extremism, a hot bed of terrorist activity and riddled with all levels of corruption.There is no other way to handle a city like Karachi other then to allow the energy and orderly chaos to take you from one moment to the next, delving into the many different cultural, political and religious factions.
Daniel Ali (b. 1985, lives in London) is a social documentary and portrait photographer. Daniel’s photographic series’ documents various lives, environments and cultures around the world. He displays staged portraits in direct comparison to straight documentary imagery, and in doing so offers new perceptions about these individuals.  The intent is to allow the viewer to engage with a familiar topic, but with the aim of presenting alternative interpretations of the individual and their environment.
© All photos courtesy of Daniel Ali
Joris van der Ploeg
“An in-depth and personal portrait series about a girl that truly inspires me. I made a single portrait of her before, when she was 9 years old and she made a lasting impression. She is now 10 years old and for her age she comes across very strong,  powerful and raw in a pure way. She has become more stubborn since than, emphasizing her characteristics. I believe this is what makes her unique and  elusive.” –  Joris van der Ploeg
© All photos courtesy of Joris van der Ploeg
Nick Isden
Canvey Island is an ongoing series by Nick Isden documenting how the area interacts with its environment and creates a new identity for itself. Once a popular tourist destination for wealthy city dwellers, Canvey Island is now home to the petrochemical industry and a flood barrier that attempts to protect it from the natural elements and appears to also partly shield it from outsiders.
Nick Isden is an award winning freelance editorial, travel and documentary photographer currently based in London, UK. He focuses on humanitarian and social issues in the UK and overseas working individually and with NGOs. His work is sensitive and subtle and mixes historical references with current affairs.
© All photos courtesy of Nick Isden
Vivienne Luo Wang
Working in the Imaging Department at the Art Institute of Chicago provided Vivienne Luo Wang with access to a large amount of archival images in an institutional environment. Through selecting these archival images she started an on-going project, Penetrate, which is a compilation of found photographs in addition of her own photos. By sequencing and editing these photos in the form of a series, she questions the copyright issues and explore the stories behind these found images as well as the alteration of photography itself: what is the relationship between historic moments and present life?
© All photos courtesy of Vivienne Luo Wang
Gesche Wuerfel
Plantation Still Lifes is part of the Oppressive Architecture project. In Oppressive Architecture, Gesche explores the aftermath of connections between American slavery and German Nazism in the area of forced labor systems and what impacts they have left on the contemporary landscape and its inhabitants. The project is inspired by Stanley Elkins’ claim that the Nazi regime took inspiration from the plantation and slavery system from the pre-Civil War era to develop it for their own purposes through the construction of labor and concentration camps.
In the past years, many of these architectural forms have been converted into museums or memorials. Except for some plantations, the places are no longer inhabited. It is of interest to me to explore how these two countries commemorate and reconcile their past by maintaining or demolishing these structures.
While photographing the architectural forms at each plantation, Gesche collected plant species – the new inhabitants of these places – and photographed them in the lighting studio. This served as a way to dislocate the species from their original spaces – the same that happened to the former slaves that were forced to live and labor on these plantations.
© All photos courtesy of Gesche Wuerfel 
 Aleksei Kazantsev
Light Forms Grey Forms Dark Forms is a series from Antwerp-based Aleksei Kazantsev of amorphous self-portraits made in twilight landscapes of urban forests. The mysterious black and white images focus on the photographer’s own body, nearly unidentifiable as a human figure against the woods.
The project is still ongoing and was started two years ago as a reflection on mystical facets of nature in city areas,. It has gradually grown into precise ritual with its own myth of unnoticed semi-dark life.
© All photos courtesy of Aleksei Kazantsev
Yovcho Gorchev
Yovcho Gorchev aka Yø Vø is a photographer based “out of” London. The character is enigmatic, the art is eclectic. His work revolves around visual mnemonics and the way we remember, imagine and dream.  He has a penchant for unordinary things that come out of the ordinary, randomly looking for sense and nonsense. A visual journey triggering dreams and the unknown.
© All photos courtesy of Yovcho Gorchev
Wiktoria Wojciechowska
This photographic series, by Wiktoria Wojciechowska, is a symbolic attempt of connecting a human being with his place of living. In times when distance is no longer a barrier and when settling down and identifying with space is getting harder. Looking out through their windows, the figures are pensive and lonesome. Their bodies reflected in the window’s surface and create with the surrounding space a natural synthesis of the pseudo-images and real sceneries. The apparent presence, free-style conception voluntarily putting aside our in-depth roots and the unsuccessful attempts to “dwelling” in a different area, these are the characteristics of contemporary nomadism. Despite the compulsion to constantly seek a “better” place, the need for taming the space is not willing to disappear. Images of dream houses, houses from memories, typical – as on child’s drawing they construct a visual archetype of an asylum. Pictures of people and suburban houses compile an image of longing for stability, safety and owning your own place.
© All photos courtesy of Wiktoria Wojciechowska
Oliver Eglin
Contorted red canvas, naked fish; wall of battered iron, dirty and bruised, somebody’s feet. A lost cowboy, hands tied in wire, the scorched earth of viscous mahogany red; and those wild, wild palms.
Inspired by Giuseppe Tomasi di Lampedusa’s iconic novel, Il Gattopardo (The Leopard) traces the footsteps of its protagonist Prince Fabrizio. Journeying from Palermo to Catania these diaristic images chronicle a circumnavigation of the islands northern peninsular.
Since unification Sicily has grappled with the notion of governance from Rome and continues to retain a stoically unyielding sense of identity, wholly distinct from mainland Italy.
Eglin’s impulse to create work through travel stems from reading the mid-20th Century prose of American writers such as: Ernest Hemingway, William Faulkner and Cormac McCarthy. His images embody the same modernist style, delivering a disorientating diary across a strange and unfamiliar landscape.
© All photos courtesy of Oliver Eglin.
Sophie Gamand
America euthanizes upward of 1 million pit bulls every year. Victims of prejudices that associate them with violence, they have become disposable dogs. Working with shelter pit bulls (pit bulls waiting for adoption in various shelters),  Sophie Gamand created a gallery of ethereal portraits to not only help these dogs get adopted, but also change the way we look at pit bulls in general. Sophie wondered if photography could be a tool powerful enough to rebrand the most misunderstood dogs.
Since 2010, Sophie Gamand has been focusing on dogs and our relationship with them. Exploring the canine world is a way for her to better understand humans. With dogs, we have created and subdued an entire specie for our own needs and purposes. She believes this should give us tremendous responsibility towards them. Coming from Europe where abandonment of dogs is a minor issue, she was extremely surprised to discover the astonishing quantity of shelters in America and how many dogs are euthanized each year. She decided to get involved with rescue groups and shelters, and she has been donating photography time and expertise to them through her Striking Paws project.
© All photos courtesy of Sophie Gamand
Cesar Rodriguez Becerra
The “Coras” are an ethnic group in México, the majority of whom are located on the Sierra del Nayar. They live in mountainous regions where electricity, water and other common commodities are absent, and that can only be accessed by small planes. They have their own language. The Coras were one of the last communities to be conquered in México by the Spanish. In fact, the Spanish did not conquered them by force but by religion. Because of this, the Coras still have a lot of their own traditions and beliefs. This series of portraits was taken during the Coras celebration of the Holy week, or Judea Cora, as they call it.
© All photos courtesy of Cesar Rodriguez Becerra
Zora Murff
From 2012 to 2015, Zora Murff worked as a Tracker for Linn County Juvenile Detention and Diversion Services in Cedar Rapids, Iowa providing services to youths who were convicted of crimes ordered to complete probation. Tracking and other community-based services are being increasingly used as an alternative to incarceration. These services allow juveniles to stay in their homes and show a higher rate of success than incarceration. The system has been put in place to provide rehabilitation, but it is far from a straightforward process. Many influences outside of the youths’ control play a role in whether or not a youth reoffends.
By reconsidering the role that he played in the lives of these kids, Zora Murff began to acknowledge the burden that comes with tasking young men and women with continued complicity. Zora Murff’s stance as a consequence kept our relationships in flux – a constant motion mirroring the discord that develops between the system’s intentions and outcomes. Through employing ideas of anonymity, voyeurism, and introspection, Corrections is an examination of youth experience in the system, the role images play in defining someone who is deemed a criminal, and how the concepts of privacy and control may affect their future.
© All photos courtesy of Zora Murff
Lynette Letic
As a first generation Serbian-Australia, Lynette Letic is interested in the idea of living between two countries and ultimately, how one reconciles and defines their cultural identity in an Australian context. Through conversations with her family and members of the Serbian community, she began to consider the migrant experience. A new-found curiosity led her to seek a better understanding of her origin, along with the experiences of others who’ve reconciled their origins with new surroundings.
Feelings of nostalgia, displacement, and pride emanated from the stories told. She sought to document experiences through the visual, archival and textual, working towards presenting the collection of intimate tales in the form of a book.
Here hope is that Between the Two translates issues that are relevant not only to those of Serbian descent, but anyone faced with the struggles of reconciling their heritage and culture with identity.
© All photos courtesy of Lynette Letic
Sean Metelerkamp
“I am South African; I retain the good, the bad, the weird and the wonderful within my blood and I see the hope, superstition, desire, regret, persistence and anger of this nation. My first ten years of existence moving up and down the beautiful coastline of this country was under white rule. I recognize the problematic nature of racial realities that afflict all South Africans and have been a part of the change, before and after. Attuned to new experiences, alien to the values of the dominant society, I use my tools and skills to evoke the absurdity of life in this magnificently puzzled country.”
Rainbow is a forever incomplete point-and-shoot photographic documentation of post-apartheid South Africa.
© All photos courtesy of Sean Metelerkamp
Katja Kremenic
This series is a selection of photographs from personal projects, in a diary like form, that documents explorations in photography and life in general. It is a voyage through the many different worlds of summer. It is less about finding intensity within the everyday and more about encountering the new world, in documentary format but also on a deeply personal and often romantic level.
Katja is a photographer and a visual artist with a background in media, communications and film. Most of her focus is on personal documentary projects. Even though she is influenced by different cultures and places, she tends to lean towards clear, intimate yet strong images and conceptually fragile aesthetics enhanced by practicing analog photography and use of natural light. She is currently based in Berlin.
© All photos courtesy of Katja Kremenić
Sinziana Velicescu
This series explores the aesthetic and utilitarian effect of architecture in and around parts of Los Angeles that are less visited by the general public. Minimalistic in nature and inspired by abstract expressionism and graphic design, it represents a coming to terms with my hometown by shooting subjects that I find beautiful for their vibrant colors and clean lines but are simultaneously devoid of obvious signs of life and exude a feeling of emptiness. The result is a homage to ‘The City,’ combined with a hidden desire to escape to another place or perhaps another time.
Sinziana Velicescu is a Los Angeles based photographer. Her work explores human intervention in nature within landscapes that have undergone political, social, or environmental change.
© All photos courtesy of Sinziana Velicescu 
Phil Le Gal
In the 1930s, Tomas Bata’s shoe making empire was expanding rapidly. After a difficult start the company grew significantly and factories were built not only in the Czechoslovakian town of Zlín but all around the world.
Many “Zlín satellite” copycat towns (up to 40 are accounted for in its heyday) were created between the 1930s and the 1970s.
Nicknamed “Bata Villes” the modernist worker’s utopian communities were the result of the founder’s global vision: A place where everyone would work, live and play, in a state of near autarchy.
The East Tilbury area was selected in the UK to become the site of the Bata Shoe Company and the building of the factories started in 1933.The English Essex county town became the Promised Land for a few hundred
Czechoslovakian employees and their families. In addition to the factory an Estate with houses, a community building/hotel, cinema, primary school, training college, open-air swimming pool and tennis courts was built
mirroring the design and scale of the Czechoslovakian model town of Zlín. With an architectural style adopted from Bauhaus the Estate stands out in the area. East Tilbury can be considered as one of the most important planned
landscapes in England, also known as Garden Cities. Streets bear the names of English Royalty as well as Bata-related titles such as Thomas Bata Avenue.
Eighty years after its creation the company with ground-breaking manufacturing practices became itself a victim of globalisation, as cheaper shoe production alternatives were found in Asia and Eastern Europe,
In 2006 the East Tilbury factory ceased production and the local community consequently began to disperse. With a shrinking remaining local community this project proposes to explore the legacy of one of the Bata Ville
townships and life after the factory closed its doors. It is an attempt to capture some of the last local residents and former workers way of life by revisiting places of work and social living spaces.
This project is a visual testimony of what remains from a unique community : One Man’s global vision with social conscience.
© All photos courtesy of Phil Le Gal
Sebastian Reiser
“In his photos, Sebastian Reiser traces the tracks humans leave behind in this world. Their buildings, their dwellings, their movements within them, and finally, what remains when these sites are abandoned again. Encroachments into and alterations of their immediate environment as well as of nature itself inevitably establish an inextricable link between human inhabitants and their surroundings, causing a human presence to remain tangible in their vestiges even after they have been deserted. Man’s surroundings and what he surrounds himself with are, thus, the very core of Reiser’s investigation. His photographs function as evidence. Evidence of the presence and absence of humans.” Text by Katharina Sieghartsleitner.
© All photos courtesy of Sebastian Reiser
Pao Paredes
Unveiled‘ is a documentary photography project that captures how Paola Paredes finally revealed her sexuality to her parents after twenty-eight years of secrecy. It is not only an invitation to witness the emotional journey before, during and after that liberating moment of revelation, but also an opportunity for her to tell the people she loves the most who she really is. Gay, proud and happy.
In the weeks prior to telling them she was gay, she spent time documenting her parents. She photographed them constantly on a day to day basis as a way to analyse their relationship while desensitising them to the presence of the cameras.
These pictures are not only a personal diary of Paola Paredes’ determination to pursue her art at the risk of rejection, but an upfront and often intense examination of what family, love and honesty still mean in a world that is changing beyond recognition.
© All photos courtesy of Paola Paredes.
Tereza Cervenova
Tereza Cervenova is a London-based photographer who recently graduated from Middlesex University on a BA Hons Photography course. The driving and shaping force of her work is often the everyday life and the relationships with people she meets. In her work Tereza wants to draw the attention to what lays beneath the surface of things and capture the sensitive, intimate and poignant moments in life.
In her images she looks for their intimacy, honesty and ability to strip away the surface of the portrait and allow the emotional quality of her subjects to reveal itself.
Tereza was the winner of the 2014 D&AD Yellow Pencil for Photography and one of the five winners in the Daniel Blau Gallery’s first ‘5 under 30’ Young Photographers Competition. In 2013 she was shortlisted for the Taylor Wessing Photographic Portrait Prize in the National Portrait Gallery in London.
© All photos courtesy of Tereza Cervenova
Wout Overkamp
This project sprouted from Wout Overkamp’s fascination and discontent with modern human life and our accustomization to the comforts of it. Wealth has never been as high as in present times, while the condition of the earth has become more critical. In our safe homes we have everything we desire, but we do not see – or choose not to see – the impact our lifestyle has on the environment. Don’t we forget what our real home is? Are we still connected to nature and thus ourselves?
His goal was to capture contrast and harmony in a single photo, as a metaphor for the present position of humans. The photographed individuals are living their everyday life, occupied with themselves and unaware of the beauty that surrounds them. With technology we have distantiated ourselves from nature, however, that won’t stop us from being a part of the circle of life as living organisms.
© All photos courtesy of Wout Overkamp
Life Framer Annual
Nora Stroebel
“Love is just a place”, Buenos Aires, 2012
In the middle class residential area Almagro in Buenos Aires life is calmer than in other parts of the city. While taking walks at night, you are likely to meet people who are taking their dogs out or going to buy a beer at one of the 24 hours shops. Here, against expectation, you find „Albergue Transitorios“, pay by the hour Hotels or so called „Telos“. Places, where couples go to be in private and which are widespread all over the city.
Teenagers and young adults who are not allowed to bring their partners to their parent’s home come here quite often. It’s also a popular place to meet your affair. In the argentinean catholic society, Telos symbolize in a charming way the double moral standard. The shiny front both teases and reflects at the same time the desire to have confidentially and anonymity. One can just guess what’s happening inside. Love is just a place, and it is open 24/7 in Almagro.
© All photos courtesy of Nora Stroebel
Andrea Hamilton
Sarah Bernhard
‘Tough Love’ is a collection of very personal images took by Sarah Bernhard between 2010 and 2014. They all somehow reflect situations in which she had strong feelings – good and bad, sad and happy. Love has so many facets – gentle, very soft and caring, but also harsh and hurtful when it comes to rejection or cheating…. She tries to capture these moments for her visual diary.
© All photos courtesy of Sarah Bernhard
Agnieszka Chabros
Agnieszka Chabros – born in Wroclaw in southwest Poland – she currently resides in Melbourne (AUS). Schooled in biology studies,  she is self-taught in photography.
In her photographic expression she is heavily influenced by sculptural and semi-surrealist practices and she is fascinated by common objects placed out of context.
She often visits woods when she needs to relax, calm down and find new inspirations.
Her main focus point is lying in between fashion and fine art photography.
© All photos courtesy of Agnieszka Chabros
Lodoe Laura
Lodoe Laura (say, loh-doh lohr-uh). At 18 years old, Lodoe Laura received photographic training with the Department of National Defence, and worked as a photojournalist for several years. Since then, her practice has shifted to include art and analog processes. She is currently pursuing her Bachelor of Fine Arts in Photography from The School of Image Arts at Ryerson University in Toronto, Canada. Her work has been exhibited and published internationally, and is held in private collections in Ottawa, Canada; London, UK; and in LA and NYC, USA.
© All photos courtesy of Lodoe Laura
Francesco Merlini
In the last three years Francesco Merlini has taken pictures in Italy, France, Turkey, Thailand and Kosovo. Francesco took pictures of unfamiliar places, pictures of strangers.
The flash of the camera has consecrated his epiphanies, impressing the shroud that lies on the subjects whose truth he has discarded.
These images are relics of the invisible.
© All photos courtesy of Francesco Merlini
Stephanie Van Leeuwen
Stephanie Van Leeuwen’s children bring home things they find in the garden, in public parks, on the streets, in corners. Everywhere they spot beautiful little things that have great value for them and are sometimes reused in selfmade toys. She had forgotten how fascinated she used to be with these little treasures of life.
She is interested in the cyclical movement in her life. Some time after she became a mother, she truly realised that everything is fading. I am trying to capture moments in time in an attempt to be able to relive them.
These images trigger her memory and through the eyes of her children she relives her own childhood.
© All photos courtesy of Stephanie Van Leeuwen
Bruno Fontana
Bruno Fontana was born in 1977 and lives in Paris. His photographic work is based between the representation of territory and components related to its appropriation and modification. It reveals with some aestheticism the structures that have become our landscape and raises questions of heritage and memory, mass culture and social behaviour.
In Urban Wallpapers he brings motifs to saturation point by making observations about architectural elements that speak to us of today: of living conditions that can be stifling, of conventions that swamp us in their single, endless form of surface and appearance behind which people, families and our contemporaries live.
The eye circulates within this dense space, uncovering numerous elements such as hanging clothes, a sun shade set up on a balcony, an open window…the details are registered as tiny ‘anomalies’ in the wallpaper of urbanism – crushing graphic logic.
© All photos courtesy of Bruno Fontana
Fabrizio Albertini
Diary of an Italian Border-worker is a story by Fabrizio Albertini that wends through the streets as traversed by a border-worker. A passage that describes the relationship between territory and working reality, beyond a merely occupational context. It’s a journey that imparts the sensations of a foreign, adjacent landscape. A micro-reality told in point-form, in nuances, where every shot is taken in close proximity to the asphalt.
In the Canton of Ticino, Switzerland, there are currently over 60,000 Italian border-workers.
© All photos courtesy of Fabrizio Albertini.
Turi Calafato
In our daily lives we live as drones, detached from our innermost souls. We run all day long without a real purpose, and our daily actions – eating, shopping, travelling, working – are often done mechanically. Turi Calafato’s work explores this loneliness and detachment. The view through a window of a big corporation is a deliberate choice – it exists in almost every city in the world, and the seats of this eatery are single – what should be a communal act, is reduced to a solitary action (as are many other moments of our lives).
© All photos courtesy of Turi Calafato
Christoph Soeder
An inherent part of the mind is its capacity of reflecting both the outside world and oneself and to put both into context to each other. Frame of Mind reflects on this capacity of reflection through portraits made in cooperation with people who experience mental health problems. Statistically 1 in 4 people experience mental health difficulties in the United Kingdom each year. All participants of the project are photographed in South Wales, either at their home or at places where they seek help such as charities supporting them. Each portrait is framed by a context which relates to the represented person, evoking something that impacts positively on their condition or expresses their distress.
The personal element implicated by each individual is explicated in visual form using a two-way mirror that appears in all photographs and is mostly held by the subject. Also called see-through mirror, it is an acrylic glass with a transparency-reflection ratio that shifts proportionally to the ratio of light in front and behind it, and allows to visually overlay the mirrored image with the background. This two-way mirror provides the platform for individual expression. Emphasising the cooperation between photographer and photographed, the two-way mirror is the surface where the viewpoints of both merge into one.
© All photos courtesy of Christoph Soeder
Diego Mayon
Eugenio Grosso
Nowadays, every Saturday from the port of Palermo a crowd of Tunisians immigrants gather to take a ferry to Tunis, thus following in the footsteps of their ancestors. Some of them are travelling home during holidays, while others are professional sellers who go back and forth every week. Anyway, all of them carry something to sell. Since the economic crisis hit Europe numerous of immigrants have lost their jobs. By reviving the old practice of sea trade, these people have created a new chance for business and an effective way to deal with the slump.
© All photos courtesy of Eugenio Grosso
Poem Baker
“Hymns from the Bedroom” is a personal journal of friends and people Poem Baker have encountered whilst wandering around London. Most of whom are creative twenty-something’s on the threshold of their dreams and ambitions, ranging from performance artists, musicians, actors ,strippers, transvestites and those who live on the fringes of society. Each of her documentations implicitly tells a story about its subject and his or her creative endeavors in life. These candid, intimate and sometimes subversive portraits also explore related themes of gender, sexuality, relationships and family, particularly in a sub-cultural context.
© All photos courtesy of Poem Baker
Marie-Laure Louis
Marie-Laure Louis’ work focuses on the notions of « being, » « place » and « feeling » known as atmosphere.
Her series is part of a project on New Orleans’ identity. Marie-Laure questions herself on how it is to be a New Orleanian. The project shows the Crescent City in a different perspective, far from old stereotypes it is famous for. Laisser les bons temps rouler captures the good times in New Orleans through fragments of ordinary life often forgotten.
© All photos courtesy of Marie-Laure Louis
Patricia Voulgaris
Throughout Fragments, Patricia Voulgaris focuses on how memories become abstracted and distorted over time. When one considers the past, their memory of a certain person or place is often fragmental. However, people can remember certain distinct qualities about an individual or a particular place. Time passes, recollections fade and become broken down into simple forms, shapes, and patterns. These forms are what hold memories together. Photographs provide people with the ability to recall a particular moment in time. But are memories stronger than photographs? Through this continual process, she first reconstructs and then deconstructs personal memories. Negative space distorts the original image, creating an ambiguous graphic form. Each image becomes fragmented, similar to the nature of old memories.
© All photos courtesy of Patricia Voulgaris
Trevor Hinske
Trevor Hinske is a photographer currently based out of New York City, focused on film, digital and video. His work deals with concepts of normative social influence and ways in which we are perceived by both ourselves and others. He is fascinated by the oscillation of human condition and what it means to exist.
© All photos courtesy of Trevor Hinske
Benoit Fournier
Benoît Fournier’s Water Memories is a series of photos that represents artistic expression using aqueous nature as its source, touching on the memory of a primordial means of life. These are memories about water in liquid form, as signs of wandering, of daydreaming, of aqueous freedom, elusive. These are forms that exceed the materiality of water. It is a series without a geographical roadmap, but of sensorial memories ordered according to the texture of the liquid, its density and movement.
Benoît Fournier was born in 1981 in Carpentras, France.  He holds a Master’s degree in International Buisiness Administration. His studies focused on Latin America and brought him to live in first Mexico and Spain, and now Rio de Janeiro where he has been since 2006.
© All photos courtesy of Benoit Fournier
Alexander Missen
Alexander Missen’s work seeks to examine the relationship between the aesthetic and our understanding of it. In Q&A, he hopes to ask questions about the nature of myth by presenting the symbols and tropes of American culture: mountain ranges, flags, cars. This aims to promote a feeling of uncanny familiarity for the viewer; often for a place they have never been.
“All events are nowadays aimed at the television screen, the cinema screen, the photograph, in order to be translated into a state of things. In this way, however, every action simultaneously loses its historical character and turns into a magic ritual and an endlessly repeatable movement.” – Vilem Flusser, Towards a Philosophy of Photography.
© All photos courtesy of Alexander Missen
James Morgan
James Morgan (b.1986) is a film director and photojournalist.  His in depth photographic features have appeared in National Geographic, Guardian, BBC, Sunday Times and many others. His images regularly lead campaigns for the World Wildlife Fund and USAID and are published and exhibited around the world.
James’ film work spans features, documentaries, commercials and music videos with clients ranging from Sony and Adidas to Vice and Mercedes Benz. Having worked in over 60 countries, James is comfortable working in any environment and can speak English, Malaysian, Spanish, Indonesian and Icelandic.  James is represented by both Panos Pictures and Getty Images in London and is a Fellow of the International League of Conservation Photographers.
© All photos courtesy of James Morgan
Claire Lawrie
Chapel market, is the heart of the Angel Islington. Known for its exceptional energy, the market sprang up around 1875 and is still going strong today despite massive regeneration and gentrification of the area.
The portraits were shot in situ, but I chose to shoot my subjects in the formal manner of studio portraits to give the sitters a chance to collect themselves, and to pose for me, and as a way of concentrating on details of clothing and style. Many of these people have long standing connections to the market and this area of London, and I hope that the work conveys their sense of pride in the location and its unique identity. Regular customers and stall- holders hold the market dear, recognizing it as an essential community hub in a city that is changing all the time. The market community are full of stories, shared experiences and family history, exploring their identities and the function of the space was my way of documenting the individuals that make this place as important as it is. The project was commissioned by Claremont Project An art and therapy centre on White Lion St that runs parallel to the market.
© All photos courtesy of Claire Lawrie
Alina Negoita 
The confrontational, straightforward way of shooting, chaotic, yet simple and natural, tends to represent the experiences that Alina Negoita is living. The multiplicity of energy and spirit abounds, takes shape and assembles into dynamical forms. Friends to strangers, athletes, Amish community, drag queens and even prisoners – they all reflect the beauty and strength of the human spirit and Alina’s constant search for it. In her photographic world there are no longer boundaries or barriers of race, culture, religion, fashion, nor location.
© All photos courtesy of Alina Negoita
Dinis Santos
As a photographer Dinis Santos is interested in the history of the image. It is all about the small stories that you can find around you and that are connected with the big narratives of History.
His first thoughts about images are more related to art history than to photojournalism or other kind of photography…
© All photos courtesy of Dinis Santos
Bryan Stokely
Bryan Stokely is an avid street photographer living in New York City. He likes photographing people, graffiti and sometimes both of them together. He dislikes writing in the third person.
He has many bad photos and some good ones. Here are some of the good ones. He thinks.
© All photos courtesy of Bryan Stokely
Tariq Zaidi
These images are part of a series taken on the streets of Uganda, on Sunday, November 3, 2013. On this day, the moon’s shadow swept across the Earth creating a total eclipse of the sun. One of the best place to observe the total solar eclipse was in Uganda. This series celebrates African ingenuity, resourcefulness and curiosity….
Tariq Zaidi is a fine art travel portrait photographer from the UK. He has successfully completed commissions in Sierra Leone, Cuba, Russia, Cambodia, Uganda, UAE, Japan and remote Indonesia. He also teaches Photojournalism and Digital Photography at the prestigious Central Saint Martins – University of the Arts London.
© All photos courtesy of Tariq Zaidi 
Sylvia Weston
Sylvia Weston chose to photograph her family members in a rural, agricultural community in Northern Utah to subtly address issues such as land use in the Western United States, the increasing difficulty of the survival of family run corporations within agriculture, the fear of change, and disappearing cultural identity. The images show the relationship between age-old traditions, the impact of modern technology on the cowboy way of life, and the concept of identity via form and clothing. The wet plate collodion photographic process is used occasionally because it adds an extra dimension of juxtaposing the old with the new.
© All photos courtesy of Sylvia Weston
Anna di Prospero
Ardor is a series created by Anna di Prospero to externalize some feelings that “have always been part of me, but that I have been able to express only through these pictures. Each of these compositions was conceived as a journey that has brought me, photo by photo, to a greater awareness of what I was feeling and what I was willing to tell. The photographs, most of which are self-portraits and portraits of my partner, were taken in various places, from my little home environment to the boundless horizons of the Atlantic Ocean.”
© All photos courtesy of Anna di Prospero
Julia Gunther
Rainbow Girls by Julia Gunther is a photographic documentary series about lesbian women in South African townships. Undeterred by the daily threats of violence, constant intimidation and at the risk of being cast out by their own families, the lesbian women of Gugulethu and Khayelitsha township continue to be proud of who they are and the love they represent. South Africa is still home to high levels of violence against women and children, despite a constitution widely regarded as the most progressive in the world, and after a legislative overhaul that safeguards women’s and children’s rights.
Rainbow Girls is the 3rd installment of Julia Gunther’s ongoing project ‘Proud Women of Africa’: a photographic record of women who live or work in Africa.
© All photos courtesy of Julia Gunther